Thank you. Thanks a lot. Thank you. Very nice of you. Thank you. I hope I live up to your expectations. I realized today that I need a hobby, because my workday just started, like, now. Right now. I mean, here’s the thing, it’s not even that big a part of my day. So even if it doesn’t go well, it’s like, ah, you know, still a pretty good fucking day. Like, it was… wasn’t a bad day. It just… you know, that part at work that, for an hour, just didn’t go to my liking, and then I had a great day otherwise. ‘Cause my whole life is basically, you know, it’s… it’s… it’s hotels. Being in a hotel, just waiting for the show. Sad, right? I’m just waiting for the show to start. And you’re like, what… what am I gonna… I mean, you can only jerk off so many times before you’re like, all right, I’m gonna do it again, but… Right now it hurts. I should find something else to do. I absolutely ruin hotel rooms. Like, if you stay in a hotel room after I stayed there, shit is gonna itch on you, okay? Just being honest. Come on, hotels are great. Everybody loves hotels. Especially when you check in with your significant other. Why? Because you know in a hotel you’re gonna have sex, and you’re gonna have an elevated form of sex. You’re gonna have hotel room sex, which is, let’s have sex, but let’s also disrespect this room. Yeah. I do that too, except I’m alone. Like, I always wipe my balls on the curtains, because I know they don’t change those. Think about that the next time you want some sunlight. [Laughter] Or don’t. Just know that it’s on your hand, you know what I mean?
Here’s what I’ve been trying to figure out. I got into online shopping recently. I guess that’s a thing. Here’s what I’ve been doing though. I shop for things that are, like, way out of my price range. And then after a while, I go, “oh, yeah.” I can’t afford that.” Like today, I was looking at yachts online. And then I was telling myself I didn’t want them, as if they were an option, you know? I was like, “155 feet? That’s not even” “big enough for all my friends and family. I’m not getting that shit.” What the fuck am I doing? You ever do that? You ever go down, like, a rabbit hole online, and then, like, six hours have gone by, and you’re like, “I’m shopping for the private jet” “that best suits my needs. “I think I found… this is it right here. The g550.” How much is this? Place order. $53 million? Well, maybe not now, but maybe later. I’ll just bookmark that shit for now. Boop.
You know what that is? That’s a sense of entitlement. That’s me thinking I should be associated with this thing. And I haven’t earned it. I haven’t. Neither have you, but also me. I get that feeling the most when I get upgraded to first class. Yeah. I fly every week. I never buy a first class ticket. I buy coach tickets. I buy them so much, I get bumped up to first class. I am telling you, the moment I get bumped up to first class, I get washed over with this feeling. I’m like, “look at these fucking poor pieces of shit” on my flight. Ugh.” I’m so much better than them. Don’t stand next to me. Ugh, dude. I dare you to try to come up from coach and use the first class bathroom when I’m there. I’ll put my hand on your chest, okay? No. No. There’s a pig trough in the back. That’s for you guys. That’s for the big ballers up front. Some people buy first class tickets. I always feel like they know you got upgraded. They always give you the look like, “by the way, we fucking know.” You can sit up here, but you’re not like us.
God, it’s so weird. People… people ask me cra… like, I get asked fucking travel advice from strangers. Can we just break down how crazy that is? Like, people come up to me, and they’re like, “hey, you travel a lot, right?” And I’m like, “yeah.” They’re like, “where should I go?” Uh, I don’t fucking know you, man. You ask travel advice to people who know you intimately. They know you well. They can guide you based on what they know about you. I mean, you don’t ask strangers dining advice, right? You’re like, “hey, man, where should I eat tonight?” I know I’ve never met you before in my life, but do you think you could give me a recommendation? Uh, yeah. You should try this dim sum place. But then, that person might go, “oh, I hate the Asian world.” And you’re like, “oh, shit.” I didn’t know that about you.” “Yeah, I killed, like, four of them.” “What are you, like, a serial killer, or something?” “Yeah.” Now, you’re in an awkward conversation with a serial killer.
Here’s all I’m saying. I can’t tell you where to go. I can tell you where not to go. Wherever they film The First 48 on A&E. Oh, if you’re not familiar with the show, here’s what it is. Camera crews follow real homicide detectives for the first 48 hours after a murder. And the reason that that time distinction is so important, is that after 48 hours, uh, they give up on that murder. They’re like, “that’s some old shit. What do you want to do today?” You’re like, “how about you keep trying “to solve that murder, man? “That shit happened on Monday. It’s Wednesday. We’re not gonna solve that shit.” Really?
There are so many amazing moments on that show… so many. A lot of the episodes take a similar path. I’m blown away, first of all, at how many times there’s a witness to a murder. It’s crazy. I always thought murders happened in dark alleys, nobody saw shit. No. Every other episode, they’re like, “you see that shit?” And the guy’s like, “I saw that shit. Yeah.” “Where?” “Right fucking here.” “Really?” “I was standing here, and then he killed that dude there.” “What did he look like?” “He was, like, 5’2″ to 6’8″, something like that.” “That’s the fucking description you’re gonna give us?” “Uh-huh.” “Anything else about him?” “Yeah, he had ears too.” “Thanks, man.” “No problem.” They still will sketch that shit out. And they show it to people. “Do you know this guy?” And everyone’s like, “nah.” But then one guy’ll be like, “yeah!” That’s Cricket right there.” They’re like, “oh, shit.” You know him?” “I been knowin’ Cricket 27 years.” “What’s his real name?” “Man, that’s just Cricket. I don’t even know.” Stop being white and weird. That’s a perfect fucking impression, and you know exactly who that was, okay? Yeah, it’s a black guy and he’s wearing a wife beater, and he’s got on a dirty hat and he’s got a cigarette hanging out of his mouth, and he looks like he’s about 33, but you find out he’s 76 years old. And he speaks super aggressively to the cops. Like, “I been out here for a minute!” And they’re like, “all right, all right. “Jesus Christ. When was the last time you saw him?” “He came through with jellyfish last week. They were lookin’ for some smoke!” And they’re like, “all right. Jesus Christ.” They always cut to the whitest detective from that guy too. They cut from that guy to a guy who’s like, “I don’t think he’s gonna help us out. We’re gonna have to find Cricket on our own.”
That show has the best moment in television. It’s the most dramatic thing you could ever see, ’cause it’s real life, and that is the interrogation. The interrogation is amazing. Because here’s the thing about drama… if you want to have a great, dramatic moment, raise the stakes. Guess what? There’s no higher stakes than somebody being questioned about taking somebody else’s life. It’s inherently compelling television. It is also super serious. But the detectives insist on using the suspect’s street name, so the whole thing turns into a fucking cartoon. Like, they’re literally like, “your life is on the line. “We need to talk to you. “Why don’t you have a seat, “uh, little stank? “Why don’t you sit down for a second? Did you or did you not know dookie shoes?” “I don’t know no dookie shoes.” “I got a picture of you hanging out with dookie shoes.” “I mean, I seen him. I don’t know him.” And then, they’ll throw one bit of evidence against the wall, hoping it’ll solve the case. They’ll be like, “well, we were talkin’ to nah’mean”, and he said that you were at the 7-eleven last week.” And he’ll be like, “yeah, I shot him in the face.” And you’re like, “goddamn, really?” That’s all it took to break you? Dude, lie. Lie for longer. You can kill somebody, you can’t lie for ten fucking minutes about it? Like, dudes will break on anything. They’ll be like, “we heard you had on a blue shirt last Friday.” “Yeah, I stabbed those four people.” Dude, a lot of people have blue shirts, man. You could still get out of this.
Here’s what I’ve learned watching that show, okay? Lawyer up. You can’t handle that shit. Everybody’s like, “I’m gonna talk to the cops and straighten this whole thing out.” You’re gonna do 25 to life. Have fun with that, man. Nobody asks for a lawyer. I’ve seen 300 people get interrogated on this show. Two of them were like, “can I talk to a lawyer?” And both times, the detectives were like, “fuck!” And then, at the end of those episodes, it said on the screen, “all charges against Tayshaun were dropped.” Or Jim. Pick a fucking name. Let’s be honest. There’s no Jims on the show. I’ve seen every episode, and none start with, “hey, Bryce, can we talk to you for a second, man? Where were you last Friday?” “I was over at tanner’s house. “Then Skylar had a party, so we went over there. “And then, we picked up Connor, and we had pancakes. “Sorry, bro. Detective bro, bro.”
I swear to God, there is no more liberating and fun thing to do in this world than scream in your best aggressive black guy voice. Holy shit. So much fun. I highly recommend you do it. Not if you’re black. If you’re black, you already do it. But if you’re white, do it. Do it in public. Do it where there are black people. And here’s a little secret, if you do it well, there is a possibility that a black guy will yell back in return. I do it all the time. I live in Los Angeles. Pick your spot. I go to Crenshaw. There’s never a shortage there. I do. I hang back and I go, “hey, yo!” And sometimes… sometimes, a black guy’ll go, “sup, d?” [Laughter]
I did it to Big Daddy Kane one time. I swear to god. I swear… hand to god. If you don’t know who Big Daddy Kane is, you can go fuck yourself, okay? I was standing on Sunset Boulevard. – A limousine pulled up. – Whoo! Like for sunset? Really? All right. [Laughter] A limo pulled up, like, I don’t know, 30 feet from me. I was just, like, all right. See the door open. Who’s getting out of this limo? Expecting, like, a bachelor party or some shit. Fucking Big Daddy Kane. I’m like, get the fuck out of here. And something just took over, you know? The spirit grabbed me. And I was like, “‘sup, Kane?” And his head whipped around, and he was like, “you?” And I was like, “nuh-uh. That wasn’t me. “Somebody over there did that shit. That wasn’t me.” If you ever see Big Daddy Kane, please do the same shit to him.
Every week, it’s another city for me. I get asked the same questions every week by people. “Are people the same everywhere?” No. Some places suck and they have shittier people. I just gave you a sociology degree. How about that? You like that? Here’s one universal truth about people, though. This one is true, and that is that everybody just wants to connect. It doesn’t matter where you go, or what language you speak, people just want to connect. And you know when you have chemistry with somebody. You know if you’re like, “I want to hang out with this person,” or “I want to date this person,” or “I want to harness this person to the bottom of my big rig and drive them around for a while “and bury them 18 miles west of lake worth. And when I drive by, I’ll get a boner.” We all have these thoughts, right?
Sometimes there’s nothing there, and people try to force a connection. I think that shit’s rude. I’m checking into a hotel a few weeks ago. The guy comes from behind the counter and he goes, “where are you from?” I said, “Los Angeles.” And he goes, “yeah, I got family in Denver.” And I was like, “what a coincidence.” And he goes, “yeah, they got a furniture store.” And I was like, “ah.” I like to sit on furniture. We’re two for two. I have shoes on. Do you have shoes on? Do you like to walk around? Let’s fucking party. There’s nothing there. Sometimes, there’s nothing there. And that’s okay. You’re not supposed to connect with everybody on the planet. That would be absurd. You should embrace that. I’ve been doing this. You should do this too. Next time you’re at a bar or you’re just out walking around, and somebody goes, “hey, man.” Just go, “nope.” I’m all friended up.” And if they’re like, “I just want to know what time it is.” Be like, “I only tell my friends what time it is.” You’ll feel like a dick, but then you get over it real quick.
I feel like no matter where I go, ten times a day, I find myself asking myself this question… I find myself going like, “hey, man”, “is anybody else seeing this shit right now? Have I stepped into a parallel fucking universe or something?” Like, I went to buy a coffee just a few weeks ago from a coffee place. Just so there’s no confusion. I didn’t go to a shoe store. I went to a coffee place, okay? I go to the lady behind the counter, and I go, “can I have a coffee?” And she goes, “well, we have a special promotion”, “and today, for $2, you can get this drink, “and it has vanilla, and… and there’s whipped cream and there’s sprinkles on it.” “And I was like,” that’s cool. “I don’t want that. May I have a coffee?” “And she goes, it’s the last day… Of this special promotion.” And I was like, “oh, I think I understand “the full scope of the promotion. May I have a coffee?” And she’s like, “you’re a fucking loser.” Here’s the thing, this woman was enormous, okay? She was hu… she looked like four people melted into one. So I was like, “you know what?” “You’re super fat. “You know when shit tastes good. Hook that shit up. I want to try it, all right?” And she goes, “it’s $2.” And I go, “all right.” And then I extended a $20, and she goes… And I go, “I’m sorry?” And she goes, “I don’t have the change for that.” And I was like, “oh, so what do you want to do now?” Are you saying I have too much money to shop here?” And she goes, “we just can’t handle it.” And I was like, “handle it?” It’s a 20.” Like, I didn’t put the hope diamond on the counter, and go, “figure it out, stupid.” Like, it’s reasonable, right? And she was just all shoulders. Like, mm. And I go, “nothing? You have no solution?” And she goes, “do you still want coffee?” I’m like, “yeah. That part’s never changed.” That’s why I’m here.” I go, “you can’t resolve this at all?” And she goes, “you could ask somebody else for change.” And I go, “another customer in line?” And she goes, “yeah.” And I go, “what about the box” with buttons in front of you?” And she goes… So I turn around to the line of people, and I go, “excuse me”, “do any of you guys have change?” And everybody was like, “you fucking asshole.” “Like, you’re at the place to get change. You’re right there.” Well, then this one Arab guy… and I’m not saying that means anything… but he was, so why leave it out of the story? He goes, “I have everything.” And I was like, “oh.” And then he opened his attache and he had every denomination of every currency. Like, where I could go, “I want one of those, and I want one of those, and I want one of tho…” he’s like, “yes, yes, yes.” Now, enjoy your pussy drink.” Okay. All right. And I want you to know something. I drank that pussy drink, and that’s the best shit I’ve ever had in my entire life. Pussy drinks forever. I’m not sure that’s what they’re called, so take your chances. But it would be cool if you went to a Starbucks tomorrow, and you’re like, uh, “can I get a pussy drink?” And they’re like, “I think I know what you want. Hold on a second.”
Can we just all agree on one thi… can we just fucking get onboard with the fact that it is time to see an end to the man who walks around in public with a cowboy hat on, like he’s not wearing a cowboy hat in public? I see these guys everywhere. Banks, grocery stores, airports. And now, not only do I see guys wearing cowboy hats, but they have adopted the cowboy persona. Like where they think they’re actual fucking… like the… [snickers] Well, pardon me, ma’am. I’ll tell you what. I’ll tell you what. I’ll tell you what. You look fucking ridiculous right now. Like, you’re a cowboy, really? Cock-a-doodle-doo. A-bang-bang-bang-bang-bang-bang. Get the fuck out of here. Here’s all I want from cowboys. Just be cowboy all the way, all right? Work with livestock. Like, if somebody says, “let’s go get a beer.” I want to hear you say, “I got to shave some sheep.” End your disputes with a pistol. If somebody cuts you off in line, be like, “meet me at the saloon at noon. I’m a cowboy.” And you better ride a horse everywhere. If you wear a cowboy hat, you shouldn’t be allowed to sit in cars or look at planes. You should just be like, “I’ll tell you what. “I’ll tell you what. San Francisco sure is a pretty city.” Yeah, I’ll see you there in six months, when you get there on your fucking horse. If you’re a cowboy, then I am a knight. I’m a knight, and I’m gonna wear armor every day, in case somebody wants to joust. And you leave me alone, because I’m doing the queen’s work. Okay, mummy?
You know who likes to be cowboys more than anybody? Do you know who? Three-year-olds. Because they’re not developed yet. And they go, “mommy.” [Imitates gun] And you go, “yes, you’re a cowboy.” “And your sister’s a princess. “And your father’s fucking Batman. “‘Cause you live in la-la land. You don’t know what’s going on right now.” Cowboy hats should come with class rings. ‘Cause I feel like the same guy that buys one buys the other anyway, you know? [Laughter and applause] “Check it out. “’87. I scored 14 touchdowns that year.” “What are you doing now?” “I’m just thinkin’ about killing myself.” Oh, okay. Why don’t you get a corvette and make it a whole kit?
Mm. [Sighs] I just realized my fucking… I do have a hobby. It’s probably the saddest, most pathetic hobby there is. And that is just watching television shows. What is lamer than, like, “what do you do for fun? What’s your hobby?” “Oh, fucking, I watch TV.” That’s so indicative of our country. And, like, some people are amazing with their, like… “oh, I b… I build furniture.” You’re like, “that’s your job?” “No, no. I’m a urologist.” But, like, on the side, like, I… oh, I like to… I like to watch my shows.
I don’t like the way people knock tv though. It’s all the… all the same cliche shit they said when we were kids, they now say as adults, right? They’re like, oh, you know, you… you know, you watch too much tv, it’ll rot your mind, or, you can’t learn anything from television. But that’s not true. You can learn a lot from television. For instance, without television, I would have no idea that Steven Seagal is out of his fucking mind. Or alive. I also didn’t know that. He has a show. It’s not a scripted show. It follows around the real Steven Seagal. And every episode begins with him looking in the camera and saying, “I don’t know if you knew this or not”, but for the last 20 years, I’ve been a cop.” And you’re like, “what did you just say? “I thought you’ve been making shitty movies “for the last 20 years. What are you talking about?” And you watch this show, he has the most unlikeable quality in a human being, which is that he is an expert in everything. Literally, if a dog walks by, he’s like, “that’s a shih tzu, boxer, hound mix right there.” And they’re like, “how do you know that?” He’s like, “I’ve been working with dogs for, like 35 years.” Then, a helicopter flies by. He’s like, “that’s a hub-106.” And they’re like, “how do you know that?” And he’s like, “I’ve been flying helicopters for, like, 47 years.”
Then he does the thing though, that everybody does who knows something about everything. Everybody has a friend, no matter what you’re doing, they know the history of it all, they know every topic, every fucking fact. If you’re eating dinner, they’re like, “you know, forks are from the roman times”, and they would sculpt them out of bark.” And you’re like, “will you shut the fuck up, and let me finish this please?” Seagal will do that too, but you know he’s making it up. He’ll be like, “you know, they also call that helicopter” a skippy.” And they’re like, “why?” And he goes, “listen to it.” Skip-skip-skip-skip-skip-skip… that’s bullshit. You made that shit up. “Nah, seriously.”
It just blows my mind… it really does… that everybody in this room… everybody… has this real world possibility in their lives… all of us, we could go tonight, if we wanted to… tonight, you could go to Louisiana, you could start a fight in a bar, and there is a real world possibility that Steven Seagal will arrest you. Isn’t that insane to you? I’ve lost sleep over this shit. I mean, that’s crazy. That’s literally like if you leave here, and you roll through a stop sign, and then, Sylvester Stallone is like, “hey, roll it down.” “And you’re like, get the fuck out of here. You work here?” And he’s like, “it’s my passion.” “Will you say Adrian or something?” “Nah.”
It’s nuts. You have to watch this show. He… he panders to every group according to race, knowing full well there’s a camera crew following him around. He doesn’t give a shit. If you’re white, he’s like, “how’s it going? “All right.” [Snickers] And then, to black people, he’s like, “what’s up, cuz?” And they’re like, “hey, what’s up?” “I’m holding you down, so holler if you need somethin’.” “Okay.” And then, to all Latinos… Spanish speaking people… he insists on speaking horrifically broken Spanish, even if they start the conversation in English. If they’re like, “hey, yeah, I called 911. Thank you for coming.” The thing is… he’s like, “ah, hold on.” Mucho queso.” They’re like, “I think my English is way better than your Spanish, man.” And he’s like, “no gracias.” And then, to all Asian people, he bows, regardless of where he meets them. If you’re Asian, and you cross Steven Seagal’s path, he’s like, “ha.” And they go, “hey, I was born here, you dick.” Like, you don’t have to do that.” And he’s like, “sorry.” I’ve been doing martial arts for, like, 85 years.”
He trains other cops in hand-to-hand combat. I think that’s infuriating. For those cops. It’s not like we’re hanging out, we’re like, “hey, man, do you want to do, like”, “a couple shots, and then go down the street? Steven Seagal is teaching people how to throw punches.” And we’re like, “okay. Let’s fucking go.” No. It’s you’re a cop, and you show up at work, and they’re like, “we’re gonna go over “hand-to-hand combat today, so you can protect yourself if you’re in a really dangerous situation.” You’re like, “oh, cool.” “Who’d you bring in to teach us? Like, some navy seals, or green berets?” And they go, “no.” We brought in Steven Seagal.” And you’re like, “are we shooting a fucking movie” this week or something?” They’re like, “uh-uh.” “Okay, I’ll pass, ’cause that’s ridiculous. I don’t want to be a part of that.” That’s literally like if you were, like, at NASA, and they’re like, “all right, future astronauts.” “We’re gonna go over space exploration, “and to get us started, why don’t you welcome Captain Kirk? Come on out, man.” And you’re like, “is he qualified to do this?” And they’re like, “oh, you’ve seen him do all that shit.” “Yeah, he knows what he’s talking about, man. He’s been up there.” They show him teaching people how to fight. It’s horrible. He’s bloated now. He doesn’t have the same range of motion. He’s like, “everybody line up.” If somebo… if somebody throws a punch, you can… you can block it like that. [Exhales] And then… and then, you can kick ’em in the throat like that. Are you kicking a child in the throat right now? Some people’s throats are down there. I like Havarti cheese the most. What’s your favorite?
Um, I’m sorry that I’m fat. I just realized how fat I was by how winded I got from just doing those little motions. [Groans] Jesus. It’s ridiculous. Sometimes I just look in the mirror, and I’m like, “fuck.” I lie to myself all the time. I cheat. Like, I’ll look in the mirror, and I’m like, “hmm.” Yeah, that’s what you look like.” It’s all these little things that you don’t think about and you just do it automa… here’s where I really had to call myself out. I was getting into a shower in a hotel, and it was one of these hotel bathrooms where there’s just mirrors everywhere. And as I was stepping in the shower, I looked, and I was like, “oh, my god.” Like, “look at you.” “I can’t believe somebody lets you fuck them. This is crazy.” I always like it when I eat myself out of breath. I feel like that’s a good boost to my day. You know, I’m eating, and then I go… [staggered deep breath] It’s better a few moments later, when you get to think about it, and you’re like, “why did I just stop?” To take a deep breath. Oh, yeah. My body also needs air, you fat fucking turd. I did the fattest thing you can do a week ago. Maybe not the fattest thing. I think the fattest thing you can do is probably eat another fat person, right? Like, if you’re fat and you see another fat guy, and you’re like, that guy looks delicious, you’re super fat. I didn’t do that. I did, however, go out to eat. I went out to breakfast. I had croissant. Everybody knows what a croissant is, right? It’s a flaky-looking thing. I ate one, and one is enough. And then I left this place, and I was walking down the street. And I saw a bakery, and I was like, “I wonder what their croissants taste like.” So I entered a second venue to shovel bread into my stupid, fat mouth. And the big payoff is that when I was done, I got to go, “oh, no.” “The first place has better croissants. Yeah.”
I had catastrophic diarrhea this morning. And I just found out that not everybody does. Here’s how I found out. We moved… my wife and I moved to a new place. In the new place, the living room couch is closer to that bathroom than it was in the old place. So the second day we’re there, I go in there, I do my thing. When I walk out, my wife is no longer sitting on the couch. She’s now standing, holding car keys. And she goes, “do you need to go to the hospital?” And I go, “for what?” And she goes, “for what just happened in there.” And I go, “what just happened in there?” And she goes, “is that normal for you?” And I was like, “I don’t even remember what happened”, so I guess so.” She goes, “Jesus, how often do you shit like that?” And I was like, “every day.” She goes, “oh, my God. Is there blood in there?” There could be. I don’t know. I just go, bap! And I hit flush. And she goes, “you don’t look at it?” And I go, “where am I supposed to look?” “It’s everywhere. “You want me to look at each individual piece? No, I paint the bowl, and then I wash it away.” That’s how I found out, at 34 years old, that not everybody has diarrhea every day. I feel like, you know, wives have to get in one last jab too, ’cause first of all, this wasn’t even an argument. This was a conversation. And she won the conversation, okay? She did. I feel horrible about my digestive system. You win. It’s settled. I’m sitting on… I’m sulking, like… [Sighs] On the couch. She’s going to leave this day, right? And she stops at the door as she’s leaving the house, and she goes, “you know, you’re probably gonna die.” And I was like, “cool, babe. Have a good day.” I’ll see you when you get home.” Then I started thinking about it, and I’m like, “maybe I am gonna die.”
I went to the doctor that day, and I’m… I’m gonna be completely honest with you. I went to the doctor, and I was like, “all right.” I’m just gonna get a checkup, see what’s going on.” The honest truth is I knew it wasn’t gonna be awesome, okay? I knew the doctor wasn’t gonna be like, “you might be surprised to hear this, but you’re perfect. Like, you’re a perfect physical specimen, man.” I knew that wasn’t gonna happen, but I didn’t expect him to be a dick. Usually, they’re not. I feel like in my experience, doctors are polite. Almost overly polite, where it’s phony and condescending. When they go, “ah, really interesting story you got there.” Doctors do that because you’re telling them a story, and doctors don’t want to hear a story. Doctors want to hear “this hurts,” not “I was over at my friend Charlie’s house”, “and we went to move the ottoman, and… “I mean, you can use it as a coffee table, “or you can use it as an ottoman. It’s up to you,” and your doctor’s like, “I want to blow my fucking brains out right now.” I go in there, I sit on the exam table, which is my least favorite table to sit on in the world ’cause it’s the only table that, in 30 years, I’ve sat on where my feet don’t touch the ground. So I feel like a fucking toddler, waiting like… [giggles] My doctor comes in. He doesn’t say hello. He doesn’t say good morning. He just walks in. He points at me, which is super aggressive, you know, to start a conversation with somebody. Like, “hey, man.” You’re like, “hey. What’s up, man?” And he goes, “do you want something for your hair?” And I go, “what?” And he goes, “do you want something for your hair?” And I go, “I don’t get it.” And he goes, “has nobody told you that your hair’s falling out?” I was like, “damn. No.” And he goes, “ah. Sorry.” I’m like, “all right.” Then he pulls my chart out of the slot, super dramatic, so that it makes a fucking noise. He goes… [Exhales] I’m like… and he goes, “wow!” And I’m like, “really, ‘wow’? Is it full-blown AIDS?” Like, “why is ‘wow’?” And he goes, “you weigh 245.” And I go like, “yeah, like, I knew that shit.” And he goes, “you weighed 230 last time you were here.” Not exactly what I would call weight loss.” I’m like, “are we at a fucking roast or something?” Like, “what are you doing?” Then he says, “you know you’re the fattest patient I’ve seen all day.” And I go, “it’s 9:30 in the morning.” And he goes, “still.” He’s like, “you know, we ran your blood work.” It turns out your muscle enzymes are through the roof.” And I go, “yeah, man, like, I’m super strong.” Like, how is that a problem?” And he goes, “they’re off the charts.” I’m like, “even better.” I’m probably your strongest patient, man.” And he goes, “I don’t think you understand muscle enzymes.” And I go, “that’s true. I don’t know what they are.” And he goes, “well, the only way you could have them this high” “would be, like, ‘a, ‘ if you were an Olympic athlete, which, clearly you’re not.” I’m like, “dude, what is the deal, man?” And he goes, “the other way would be if you were a cocaine addict.” And I go, “I don’t do coke.” And he goes, “I’m your doctor. You don’t have to lie to me.” And I go, “I’m not lying.” And he goes, “I can’t treat you if you’re not gonna be honest.” And I go, “hey, man, aren’t cokeheads skinny?” Isn’t that, like, part of the deal?” And he goes, “usually, yeah.” The nurse comes in. She takes my chart out of his hands, and she goes, “oh, my God.” “His muscle enzymes are so high. Maybe he runs marathons.” And my doctor goes, “look at him.” So at this point, I go, “this was a lot of fun. “Thank you for having me today. I’m gonna leave now,” and he goes, “all right.” Then he goes, “ho… hold on a second. Do you have a ring on your finger?” And I go, “yeah.” And he goes, “you’re married?” And I go, “yeah,” and he goes, “to a guy?” And I go, “no.” And he goes, “oh. I thought you were gay.” And I go, “why?” And he goes, “I don’t know.” I’m like, “all right, dude.” And he goes, “hey, I’m just kidding.” And I go, “that’s fine.” He goes, “but check it out.” And he takes my chart, and he shows it to me, and he had written “gay?” On my medical chart. [Laughter and applause] The thing that gets sent to other doctors has his inside… [Chuckles] “Maybe he sucks cock” joke written on it. I went home. I told my wife. She’s like, “oh, my god, what are you gonna do?” And I was like, “what do you mean?” And she goes, “I mean, are you ever gonna go back there?” I’m like, “are you out of your mind? “That’s the funniest fucking doctor in the world. Of course I’m going back there.” I have, like, Don Rickles as my primary care physician. That’s amazing. I’m faking injuries to go back to this guy. “You know you’re a piece of shit.” I’m like, “I know.” He’s fucking amazing.
Oh, my God. I do think about death. I just want it to be justified, you know? Like, if I die violently, you know, maybe I have, like, Serena Williams sitting on my face, and… I don’t know, Venus is polishing me off, and they’re trying to fit a racket in my ass or something like that. Then my wife comes in, boom, and I’m, like, fucking done. It’s fun that way. I don’t want it to be a dumb death. I feel like there’s dumb deaths that they kind of subtly mock, like, on the news. They do. They’ll be like, in local news… they’ll be like, “and then, also coming up, “a guy was trying to get a soda out of a vending machine, and then it fell on him.” And they’re like… and you’re like… ’cause that could happen to you. It could be, like, you know, like, I would go to the fucking mall, and then I fall down the stairs, and then they send a news crew, and they’re like, “what happened?” And they interview the dumbest fucking guy, and he’s like, “I seen him fall. And then he don’t move no more.” And you’re like, “that’s my eulogy? Thanks a lot, man.”
I felt like I was gonna die a few months ago. I called a car service to take me to the airport. You know, when you’re like, “I got 60 bucks. Let’s fucking do this, right?” This nice town car comes to the house. The guy gets out. He’s got all white hair. Much older man. From the beginning, he makes me uncomfortable when he calls me sir. I don’t know if you’ve ever had a guy way older than you call you sir. You’re like, “hey, man. You’re, like, 1,000 years old.” “You have a couple weeks to live, maybe. How about we drop the formality, okay?” I get in the car, he goes, “the temperature all right, sir?” I go, “it’s fine.” He goes, “would you like a bottle of water, sir?” And I go, “you don’t have to call me sir.” You can just call me Tom.” And at that moment, all of his professionalism went out the window. ‘Cause the very next thing he said was, “you smoke weed?” And I was like, “I mean, yeah, sometimes.” And he goes, “do you want to smoke some now?” And I was like, “I mean, yeah.” But I don’t think my driver should be offering me, you know? He doesn’t miss a beat. He opens the console. He takes out a joint. He lights it. He passes it back. I hit it out of respect, right? ‘Cause he’s old. And then I give it back to him, and the next thing he says is, “yeah, I can’t drive unless I’m fucked up.” I’m like, “did you hear what you just said?” And he goes, “yeah, I’m ripped right now.” I’m like, “well, hands on 10:00 and 2:00, motherfucker.” Like, “keep it together.” I go, “so is that all you do? Smoke weed?” I can handle a guy that smokes weed. He goes, “well, I love it all.” And I’m like, “what’s all?” That’s a broad statement.” He goes, “I love coke. I love heroin.” “But there’s nothing like smoking rocks, you know what I’m saying?” And I was like, “no, I don’t know what you’re saying.” Mind you, this is while he’s driving, so it’s actually like, “I love smoking rocks, man. You know what I’m…” I’m like, “dude, turn around.” So I go, “can I ask you something?” He goes, “yeah. What’s up?” I go, “what’s it like to smoke rocks?” I’ve never done that before.” And he goes, “ooh-ooh!” [Applause] I was like, “is that the whole sentence? Is that it?” He goes, “that shit is the best! “What I like to do personally, “is I like to sit in my apartment and fire ’em up. “And then I look out the peephole. “And I watch people walk around. “And I just freak the fuck out about what’s gonna happen next.” And then, he gave me a head nod like, “doesn’t that sound awesome?” I was like, “dude, that sounds terrible. “That’s called a panic attack, “and that’s a horrible sales pitch for crack. Now, I’m definitely not gonna try it.” We pull up to the airport, and I go, “it’s none of my business, but I think you’re too old to be messing with all these drugs.” And he goes, “I don’t do it anymore, Tom.” Yeah, it was “sir” at the top of the ride. Now, it’s “Tom, you piece of shit.” “I don’t do it anymore. I did it when I was younger.” And I go, “all right.” And he goes, “I mean, I still do it every once in a while.” “But you know what they say, if you do something every once in a while, it’s not that bad for you.” And I was like, “dude, I think they mean that about”, “like, pizza and chocolate.” “Nobody ever means that for crack, just so you know.” I’ve never heard, “what are you doing?” “I’m smoking rocks.” “Well, not every day, okay? You crazy kid.”
Weed‘s not a big deal, though. I don’t know why the fuck people make a big deal out of weed. You know? You… [cheers and applause] You see it change. I mean, states have it legalized. I don’t know why… the perception, I find, from other people about California, they think that we’re like the wild fucking west. Like, people, they’re like, “aw, you live in I.A. “You guys just smoke joints and tell the cops to suck your dick, right?” And I’m like, “yeah, that’s exactly right, yeah.” “You should do that too when you come out. “L.A.P.D. Is super into that. “But take your joint, flick it at ’em, “be like, ‘suck my dick, man.’ they’ll laugh and high-five you… it’s fine.”
It’s so dif… I mean, first of all… all right, let’s be clear. If you get a medical card, one of the things that people don’t know, they have expiration dates on them, and you have to renew your card all the time. And it’s not what you think. It’s not exactly the easiest thing. You literal… you have to get in your car. You have to drive down to a place. That’s it… that’s all you gotta do, is go drive there. Takes, like, five minutes. But my card expired three years ago. I still haven’t renewed it. I tried to go to a dispensary a few weeks ago, and there’s two rooms. There’s the room they check you out in, they check your stuff, and then, there’s the main room with all the goodies, right? And the guy took my card, and he goes, “dude, I can’t let you in. Your card expired three years ago.” I was like, “come on, man.” And he was like, “all right.” I was like, “wow, I’m a really good negotiator, huh?” I didn’t real… well, once you put it like that, yeah.
Getting that medical card is surreal. My experience was surreal. I went to a doctor’s office, and it’s not dr. Dickhead that I was telling you about. This is a different doctor. He’s a doctor because he got a business card, and he put “dr.” on it. His office was such a piece of shit, that you could hear the conversation going on between the doctor and the patient ahead of you, which is never supposed to happen. So as I’m waiting for my turn to go in, I’m waiting, and I hear the doctor go, “oh, what is your medical need for marijuana?” And the guy in there goes, “oh, I have a bone disease.” And I was like, “oh, shit. I don’t have a bone disease.” Like, I thought you could just be like, “weed’s awesome.” And he’d be like, “yeah, I fucking know,” like… So I start to panic internally… like, what am I gonna say? And in my mind, I just go to the worst shit. Like, in my mind, I’ll be like, “just say you have AIDS. Like, just tell him you have AIDS.” Then he’ll be like, “when did you find out?” I’ll be like, “I just found out, like, five minutes ago.” “You don’t seem that bummed out.” “Well, I’m just happy to be here, so let’s wrap this shit up, man.” For some reason, I pictured him asking me to prove it, which they would never be like, “prove it,” and you’re like, “oh, I left my aids card at home.” I don’t have it on me.” Then I go, “that’s way too dramatic. Just dial it back.” I’m like, “ah, I’ll just say I have cancer.” That’s much more believable.” Then I start thinking of all my family members that have died of cancer, and I’m like, “man, if I say I have cancer just to get weed, I am getting cancer next fucking week.” By the time I have that thought, I’m sitting in front of the doctor. He’s like… I go, “what?” He goes, “what is your medical need for marijuana?” And the best I can come up with on the spot is, “my eyes hurt.” And he goes, “do you have vision problems?” And I go, “oh, yeah.” And he goes, “you don’t wear glasses?” And I go, “can’t. Hurts.” “Everything hurts. Ow, ow. Ow, ow.” He writes me a prescription. I go to leave. As I leave, I see the guy who’s going in next, and I don’t know why I think it’s gonna be funny to listen. ‘Cause I think he’s not gonna get it, and I’ll tell you why. I completely judged the guy, ’cause the guy’s your typical L.A. Cholo Mexican gangbanger, okay? It’s a very specific look. You’ve seen movies. You know what the fuck I’m talking about. It’s khaki dickies with an oversized white t-shirt, Chuck Taylors, an L.A. Hat, and also an L.A. Tat in, like, this general area here. So it’s like, “aw, if I lose my hat, I still have my favorite team right fucking here.” So I listen at the door. I’m like… [Laughs] And I hear the doctor go, “what is your medical need for marijuana?” And the guy goes, “I just really like the way that weed makes me feel.” And then the doctor wrote him a prescription for that. Yeah, you don’t have to lie. You can just be like, “weed’s awesome.” And he’s like, “yeah, I fucking know. “I feel sorry for all the people with diseases “that keep coming in here, man. “The last dude’s eyes didn’t even work. “It was sad. You’re lucky you have your health, ese.” “Orale.”
I’m always trying to set goals. My latest goal… I’m trying to be less polite, you know? ‘Cause the world is not as polite as you’re raised to believe it’s gonna be, you know? I don’t understand why we accept that when you say “thank you,” people don’t have to say “you’re welcome” anymore. People have stopped. Now, you say “thank you,” and people give you a nod, like… I want to stab you in the fucking ears if you do that shit to me. I do. I’ll go, “thank you,” and they go… I go, “did you not… did you not just hear” what I just said to you, man?” And you get, like, a follow-up nod. So now, I skip it all. I just take shit, and I go…
I find rudeness everywhere. I think the rudest person in the world is a person that waits outside of a grocery store with a petition for you to sign. What a fucking asshole you are. They do that, and do you know why that’s a shitty thing to do? They’re systematically trying to ruin your happiness. ‘Cause you’re leaving the grocery store, and you’re feeling what? You’re feeling happy. You’re like, “oh, I got soy milk. It’s gonna be a good week. All right.” And then they stop me ab… “sir, could you look at this?” I’m like, “look at what?” And they’re like, “do you want children to starve and die on the streets?” And I’m like… “Now I do… now that you just ruined my day, I do, yeah. I want you to die first, but then I want all of them to die.” I say the opposite of whatever they’re trying to fucking get me to sign. Like, “this is to teach blind people how to do Shakespeare.” I’m like, “I hope they all go deaf first.” And they’re like, “Jesus.” I’m like, “yeah, that’s fucking right. You’re the asshole, not me.” “This is to end the war in Afghanistan.” I go, “I fucking love the war in Afghanistan.” “It’s my favorite war. I hope it goes on for 1,000 years.” And they’re like, “you’re crazy.” I’m like, “that’s right. I’m crazy.” Remember my face and never ask me to sign shit again.”
I can’t get over rude people. I was in a hotel a few weeks ago. I go down to the hotel gym. I get on the treadmill. I run, I don’t know, 70 miles, right? [Laughter] 170 miles, thank you. 170 miles. But I’m alone. There’s nobody in there. I’m sweating. I’m hyperventilating. [Groans] Then, out of nowhere, I just hear, “getting it in?” And I go, “Jesus Christ! What?” This guy goes, “you getting it in?” I go, “getting what in?” He says, “you getting a workout in?” I go, “doesn’t it fucking look like it?” He goes, “yeah, you just gotta keep doing it.” And I go, “okay.” He goes, “nah, I used to be like you.” And I go, “what?” He goes, “I used to be like you. “You just gotta keep eating right and keep doing it, and you’ll get there.” And I was like, “dude, I’m disabled.” [Laughter] And he was like, “I’m sorry. I didn’t know that.” Let me… let me point something out. It’s okay for me to make jokes about disabled people and people with horrible diseases because they make me uncomfortable, and I don’t want to be like them. [Laughter] Maybe that makes me a bad person, but I’m an honest person, and I’m telling you, that shit is terrifying. I don’t want to be like them.
Here’s another bit of information. I also don’t want to look at them. I don’t. I refuse to watch the Michael J. Fox show because I don’t want to see shaky face not stand still for one frame. [Laughter and applause] The guy can’t eat soup. It’s depressing, okay? Try to pawn this thing off as a comedy? Get the fuck out of here. You’re bumming everybody out. How many Parkinson’s jokes am I supposed to applaud with this thing? I won’t watch the show. I’ve seen a commercial. I will not watch that show. You know why? A version of it plays in my head, and it is fucking awful. And I think it’s probably accurate. I really do. I bet you that show is nothing but setups for that shit. I bet it’s just like, here… in the next episode he goes, “dad, can you help me hammer in this nail?” And he goes, “you know they don’t trust me with those.” And then you get to go, at home, “I get it. He’s got fucking Parkinson’s.” You don’t think that’s been fucking pitched in the writers’ room? “It’s pasta night. Dad, can I get some parmesan?” “That’s one thing I can do forever.” [Laughter] “I’m good. I said I’m good.” You don’t think the episode idea has been talked about, where he goes to work, and his coworker gets to say, “you know, I got to get my wife a vibrator.” “That’s one thing my wife doesn’t need.” And then you get to go, “I get it. He’s got fucking Parkinson’s.”
I don’t want to see that shit. I’m sitting at home. I’m trying to have fucking dinner. I’m sitting on my couch. We have a table, but I’m an adult, and I can sit wherever I want. So I’m sitting on the couch, about to have dinner, and this fucking… a girl… two girls… one girl… a girl… two… one… a girl… two girls… one girl who has two heads on one body comes on. Their heads face each other. Their heads are like, “Mmm.” They look like they’re gonna grunt. They look like they’re gonna go, “Mmm… Aah!” Like that, but they don’t. This comes on TV. There’s no warning on the screen, like, “hey, in a second, you might shit yourself.” Put down whatever you’re holding, seriously.” I’m sitting there, about to eat chicken paprikash, and it’s hot, and I go… [Blows] And then I look up, and I go… [screams] Ten seconds later, I’m wiping the back of my legs. Now… I’ll be honest, when she first appeared on-screen, I was like, “hey, lady, you’ve got something on your shoulder.” “No, you, you’ve got something on your shoulder.” But then, I realized, “Tommy, why are you so upset? “You love monsters.” Now… [sighs] Here’s what’s upsetting about this show. If you’re gonna air a fucking freak show, which is what that is, do you mind? Could you please include the freaky shit? That’s why we’re watching. You watch this show, the two girls with the fucking one body, two heads. [Mumbles] They’re like, “what?” “Yeah. Here’s what she likes to do. “She likes to get, fucking, her nails done. What’s the problem?” You’re like, “she has two fucking heads that face each other. Why are you cutting out scenes that I know exist?” There’s got to be days where one of them is like, “I feel like going out tonight.” “Well, I feel like staying home.” “Well, I control the legs. We’re fucking going.” Where’s that? What about people that one of ’em loves and one of ’em hates? That has to happen. They have separate minds. “We’re going to Tony’s house.” “I fucking hate Tony.” “Well, I’m gonna blow him, “so you better get ready for ball duty. Meh.” [Laughter] I can feel your judgment. I reject your judgment completely. First of all, everybody loves blow jobs. Secondly, I’m not making this shit up. If your Siamese twin sister is doling out bjs, you’re along for the ride. You don’t have to participate, but you’re at least there, I don’t know, giving notes, I guess. “Mm, mm, mm.” “You have horrible technique. Meh.” “I can see your teeth. Meh.” “Why is it so dry? Meh.” All right, we’ll move it along. I get it. Not everybody’s on board with double-headed bjs. Will you at least admit to me, and more importantly to yourself, that you would love to see the girl with two heads take a shit? Just to see if the faces match up, right? Just to see if one of them’s like… [Grunts] And the other one’s like, “hey, take it easy. It’s my ass too, you know.” Oh, come on. I really wish that each and every one of you could see my internet search history. Because I think you would all say the same thing. I think you would all be like, “this is one sick, twisted, deviant pervert, who also loves current events.” My history is literally a back-and-forth volley of, like, “big, sloppy tits” smacked back and forth by 13 cocks.” “What’s going on in Syria?” I feel badly about watching so much of it too. You know why? ‘Cause it’s lazy. I know watching that much porn is lazy. It gets in the way of other things I want to do, like learn another language. I’d love to learn another language, but there’s too much porn to watch. Why not combine the two, right? Have you seen these language videos? They are boring. “The man is sitting down.” You’re like, “all right.” Have you seen an anal gangbang? Super exciting. Here’s what I propose. You download the series, and then tutorial number one begins to play. All right? Here’s what happens. An elevator door opens. A woman is giving a guy a blow job, all right? Like, an aggressive blow job. Not one of these, like… [Hums] No. I mean, like… [Gagging] Where you’re like, “Jesus Christ! “Is the answer in there? Is that why she’s doing that?” And she has tears running down her face and slobber all over herself. And she goes… “[Gagging]”. “Which way is the subway? [Speaks Spanish] [Gags]”. You’re like, “now it’s sinking in.” Some of you didn’t like that one. I can tell by your faces. Maybe that’s because you’re more advanced and you’re ready for tutorial number two. In this one, a man is chained to a wall. His arms and his legs are chained, and he’s completely naked, and you’re like, “whoa. What’s going on here?” And then, a few seconds later, a woman enters frame, and she’s wearing, I don’t know, a 15-inch strap-on. She doesn’t say hello or tap him on the shoulder. No warning, just bow! You’re like, “holy shit!” And she just goes to hammer town. She’s like, “bow! Bow! Bow!” And you’re like, “what the fuck?” And then, after, like, the tenth stroke, she goes, “this salad is too spicy. [Speaking Spanish]”. And you’re like, “I’m learning Spanish. Can somebody pass me a Kleenex?”
[Sighs] Mm. I’m married. You like that segue? I like being married. I do. You see a lot of comics, you go to shows, and they’ll be like, “I love getting out of the house, just so I can get away from that bitch.” And you’re like, “wow, sounds like you married a real fucking asshole, man. That’s awesome.” I like it. You know what the best part of being married is? You get to stop pretending. And that’s what fucking dating is. It’s an act. You’re on Broadway. For however long you’re dating, you’re doing an act, and it looks exhausting. That’s why if you’re dating and you’ve ever been out in public, and you see married people look at you like this, and you’re like, “what the fuck are they looking at?” They’re tired for you. It is… it’s an act, and it’s exhaust… you see it all… dating is a guy going, “uh, just so you know, I’m this guy.” And the girl’s like, “well, just so you know, I am this girl.” And then you get married, and you’re like, “uh, so can we knock this shit off?” And she goes, “I hope so”, “because I gotta fart pretty bad. I’ve actually had to fart for, like, four years.” “All right. Let that fart out.” Sexually liberating to get married. It is, really is. Especially for men, ’cause here’s what happens. When you start dating somebody, you know, your first thing is like, all right, you see the girl, and you’re like, “I want to get in there.” That would be… or however you phrase it in your head, right? [Laughter] Right, and then, you go out on a few dates, and as you get closer to the act… the magical act happening, a lot of times a woman will ask a guy. She’ll be like, “oh, so, like, what are you into?” What do you like?” And this is when a man’s brain goes, “don’t scare her. You could fuck this up for us.” So we lie to you, and we’re like, “oh, I like to hold hands.” “Uh, I like if you go… [Blows] On my neck. That’s cool.” Then you get married, and you’re like, “I want you to yank on my ball bag “like you’re stuck at sea and this is the only motor that’s gonna take you home.”
[Laughter and applause]
A lot of girlfriends can’t handle that shit. Girlfriends will be like, “ugh, what?” But a wife? A wife will go, “that it?” And you’re like, “oh, yeah, I get you for, like, 50 years.” She’s like, “yeah, I’ll spit butter in your ass.” Whatever you want, man.” Or whatever. Margarine, I don’t know. Whatever you’re into, so… olive oil. You find, the longer you’re with somebody, you’re like, everybody has something. Everybody has something weird and kinky and different. Everyb… and you suppress it, and you go, like, “oh, my god.” “If anybody knew… oh, my god. I would fucking die if somebody knew.” Everybody has something. And you’re like, “no, not everybody. What about Jim? He wears a blazer.” Jim too. Jim likes to be hit in the nuts with a wrench, okay? Jim’s out of his fucking mind. I tour the country. I ask people all the ti… I hear shit. You cannot make this sh… I was at a show. I asked people in the aud… like, “what’s your fucking craziest thing?” And a lady in the front row, she goes, “I have one.” And I go, “what is it?” And she goes, “oh, never mind.” [Laughter] I go, “what is it?” And she goes, “all right. “I like to think of different scenarios in which to kill my husband.” And I was like, “damn.” And he was sitting right there, and he was like, “that’s what’s up. That’s what she likes.” I was like, “really?” And she was like, “oh, yeah.” I go, “you go, ‘I’m super horny. “‘I had the best dream “‘that you were floating in the pool, and then I threw a cement block at your head.'” and she goes, “that would be a great one.” Same show, I swear to you, a lady goes, “I have one.” And I go, “what is it?” And she goes, “I like to sit on my husband’s face.” And I go, “that’s not that unique. You can’t really claim that that’s your weird thing.” And she goes, “yeah, but I only like to feel his eyelashes” against my butt cheeks.” And I was like, “what?” [Laughter] And she goes, “mm-hmm.” And I was like, “I didn’t even know that was a thing.” And she was like, “oh, yeah.” Like, “where the fuck have you been?” And I’m like, “what if he, like, you know, sneaks a lick”, like, ah-ah, like that?” And she goes, “I go, ‘no!'” I just want to feel squink-squink-squink.” So stop feeling weird and sit on people’s faces, all right? That’s what I want you to leave here with.
Guys, we’ve covered a lot of stuff tonight. We really have. Some of you might, you know, not think highly of me. I don’t know, some of you might be like, “this guy’s fucking stupid.” Some of you might think I’m offensive. Some of you might think I’m unenlightened. I don’t know. But I will tell you this. I believe in humanity. I do. I believe we’re all here together, and I believe there’s no such thing as coincidence. And I think I can tell you the story that will also make you believe this, all right?
A few years ago, I was in Washington D.C., and I was sharing a cab with a woman I didn’t know. Never met her before in my life. We’re splitting the cab. Midway through the ride, as I’m looking out my window, I hear the woman go, “hey.” And I thought she was gonna be like, “hey, like, you want to fuck or something?” And I was gonna be like, “I can’t. I’m married. So make it quick, all right?” I look over, I’m like, “what is it?” And she goes, “is this yours?” And she’s holding a wallet. And I go, “no, it’s not mine.” And she goes, “oh, it must be the previous rider’s wallet.” I’ll just give it to the driver.” And I go, “don’t do that. Look at him.” “He looks like a cab driver. “He probably smokes crack every once in a while. You can’t trust these guys.” I go, “give it to me.” I’ll get it back to the rightful owner.” And she goes, “really?” I go, “yeah.” She gives me the wallet. Now, I feel obligated to find the owner. But here’s the honest-to-god truth, I really want to. I’ve always dreamed about finding a wallet. I don’t know why. I dreamed I would find a wallet, I would open it, it would have $1,000 in it, I would get it back to the rightful owner, it would turn out to be, like, Will Smith, and then he’d be like, “do you want a helicopter?” And I’d be like, “yeah.” And then I’d be like, “I got a family in Denver. Do you like furniture?” So I open this wallet. It has $2, a grocery store rewards card, and a community college I.D. So I have found not Will Smith’s wallet. But I still try to do the right thing. I call the grocery store, I explain the situation, and I go, “can you help me out?” And they go, “no, we’re a grocery store. “We don’t track people down. Eggs are on sale. Go fuck yourself.” And I was like, “cool.” Thank you. Thank you for your help.” Then, I call the community college, and I speak to literally every department in the community college for 41/2 hours, before I finally get a contact number. I call the number, and a man answers the phone who I can only imagine has never used a phone before, ’cause he actually answers the phone with a noise. So just to break this shit down, I don’t know if you’ve ever used a phone before, but usually, when you call someone, [mimics phone ringing] And they pick it up, they say, “hello.” That’s fucking it. That’s what people say when they answer the phone. Maybe if they’re in a bad mood, “what?” Those are the two options. This man answers the phone… [Mimics phone ringing] Picks it up, and he goes, “ah.” And I go, “hello?” And he goes, “wah.” And I go, “I’m gonna talk, and then you talk.” And he goes, “yeah.” Like, it was the first time someone explained to him how fucking phone calls work. Up until that point, he was just like, “that made a noise.” “I’m gonna make a noise too. Ah.” So I go, “hey, I found this wallet.” “I was given your number. I’m trying to return the wallet.” And he says, “it’s probably my son’s wallet. “He’s always losing shit because he’s a piece of shit.” That’s the first thing… I don’t even know how to respond. I’m like, “ah.” I go, “well, can I give him his shit back?” He goes, “he’s a real asshole.” And I go, “we’re talking about your son right now?” And he goes, “yeah, I don’t think he’s gonna amount to anything.” I go, “Jesus Christ.” I go, “maybe he will amount to something” if he gets his wallet back.” And he goes, “yeah, yeah.” I’ll let him know you called.” And then he hangs up the phone without taking my information. So his plan is to go to his son and be like, “some guy found your wallet. Yeah, I don’t fucking know,” and just, like, walk away.
So I’m super frustrated. I tried to do the right thing, right? I forget about the wallet. A year goes by. A year, a calendar year. I go back to D.C. I go in town, I call a friend, we go to a restaurant, just a random restaurant. We sit down, and the waiter comes up to take our order, and I go, “Justin?” And he goes, “how do you know my name?” And I go, “dude, I have your wallet.” And he goes, “oh, do you have it on you?” I go, “no, I don’t fucking walk around with your wallet.” “I don’t go, ‘I got my wallet, and I got Justin’s wallet. Now, I’m ready to go out.’ No, you fucking psycho.” And he goes, “do you want to hear about today’s specials?” And I go, “do you want to acknowledge that this is an amazing moment in both of our lives?” And he goes, “what do you mean?” “What do I mean? “I found your wallet in a cab in D.C. a year ago. “I don’t know how many cabs are here, but I think it’s a lot. “I got told no 100 times by 100 people trying to find you. “My hotel room used to look like an episode of NCIS. “There was pins and charts connecting shit to each other. “I spoke to your father, who’s not a fan. “I don’t know if you knew that or not. “I come to a restaurant at random, “I get seated in your section, “and I recognize you from your I.D. “That’s burned into my memory. You don’t think that’s fucking amazing?” And he goes, “we have a prime rib special. We also have a penne pasta.” I can’t eat. I’m like, “what the fuck?” He comes by, I go, “look, I don’t want to make a big thing here, “but I do remember that I have your wallet in my bag… “my bag in my hotel room. If you want to come by, I will give you your wallet.” And he goes, “okay.” I go back to the hotel. I hear a knock at the door. And now, I’m expecting him to lose his shit. I think the situation merits freaking the fuck out. I think he was playing it cool, and now he’s gonna be like, “I didn’t want to say this earlier. We should open a surf shop in Maui together, you know?” Or, like, “this is my newborn son. I want you to have him,” like that shit. So I hear a knock at the door. I open the door, I’m like, “hey.” And he goes, “hey, you got my wallet?” And I go, “yeah,” and I give it to him, and he goes, “cool.” And he turns around, and he walks away. No. It is not cool. So I open the door, and I see him about to get on the elevator. I go, “hey, Justin!” And he goes, “yeah.” And I go, “your dad’s right… you’re a fucking asshole”, and you’re never gonna amount to anything,” and I shut the fucking door.
Applause]
You fucked up, Justin. You could’ve been here, man.
Thank you, guys. You were amazing. Have a great night. Thank you. Thanks a lot.
[soft piano music plays]
[Tom] I love being a stand-up comedian. It’s the best job in the world. And I love being an L.A. comic. Bam! Alfred the assassin. As a comic, what you’re supposed to do is live your life and report it.
[woman] Anytime I do something nice for you, – you shit on me!
When is that?! I love the whole process.
[woman] You have a little dick. Writing. Performing. Figuring out how to make a joke work. It’s the best. But most of all, I love meeting the people of this city.
They always inspire me.
[shouting] Hey! Tom Segura! Bite me in my ass, man! Aah! You have to do it! I love them. They have nothing but admiration for me.
[speaks foreign language] Yeah, after work we can do whatever, man.
[speaks foreign language] I just know there’s no stopping us. Hey! Who this fat-ass nigger right here? What’s up, fat boy?
‘Sup?
Making a food show, bitch?
No.
You should. Bam! ‘Cause you fat as fuck! This fat motherfucker right here, man.
You got pancake titties.
You do! Fuck this city. I’m re-shooting this thing. Eat a dick, Paul Blart. This fat motherfucker, man.
[man] Ladies and Gentlemen, Tom Segura!
[cheers and applause]
[up-tempo music playing] [music continues]
[Tom] What up? Thank you! Thank you, guys. Thank you very much. It’s great to be in Seattle.
[crowd roars]
Yes. One of my favorite places, and I am fucking falling apart.
All right, um… I hate who I’m becoming, socially. Like, all my social interactions, I’m disintegrating into somebody I want to punch in the mouth. Like, I start weather chats with people all the time now, like, ugh. I got off the plane here, and the guy that picks me up at the airport, I was like, “It rains a lot here, huh?” [laughter] And I swear, there’s another voice in my head going, “You’re a piece of shit for this conversation.” [laughter] What’s the guy supposed to say? He’s in the car and he’s like, “Yeah…” [laughter] “…it does. And you’re a real piece of shit for this, just so you know.” I wanted to abort, I wanted to get out of it, but I couldn’t. Like, “I’m from Southern California, we sure could use it.” – [chuckles] – [laughter] And he was like, “I’ll run us off the fucking road. I’ll kill us both, I swear to God I will.” God forbid I meet a tall person now, like— If you’re over six-four, there’s no way I’m not addressing it. I’m gonna be like, – “Wow, you’re tall.” – [laughter] “Do you like basketball? Yeah? Is that your thing? I have a friend that’s tall.” Dude, you just told a grown man you have a fucking friend that’s tall. Like, what’s next? “My dad’s super strong? – I bet he’s stronger than your dad.” – [laughter]
Ugh. It’s better than my dad’s actual small talk, which is awkwardly racial small talk. It’s not racist, but it involves race. Um… Like, we’re at a restaurant and, you know, the server walks up and she’s Asian. – My dad will be like, “You Chinese?” – [laughter] And she’s like, “No, I’m Korean.” “Oh, I was in Vietnam.” – And I’m like… – [laughter] “What are you doing?” “What? I was.” “I know. What does that have to do with anything?” Then he goes, “Lot fewer of them when I left, if you know what I mean.” – I’m like, “Oh, man.” – [laughter] [whistles] Well… “Yeah, it was two Diet Cokes, we’re gonna wrap it up pretty quick.” Dude, if he meets a black guy, shut it the fuck down, okay? ‘Cause, it’s gonna get weird. Like… Dude, I see it. A black guy starts talking to us and my dad’ll be like… [laughter] I can see it in his eyes, like a clock’s ticking down. And I’m like, “How weird are you about to be with him?” He looks like a dog, when you show a dog a treat and you’re like, “Sit still.” And the dog’s like… [laughter] “I work with a black guy!” – Ohh. Ohh. – [laughter] Oh, man. “Yeah, Carl. You know him? I don’t know… Thought you knew each other. I don’t know. I don’t know him. He works in the building.” You’re like, “Fuck.” Jesus.
Speaking of dads, I’m gonna be a dad. Isn’t that crazy? [crowd cheers] I know. Well… You know, not my fucking problem. You know what I mean? Um… – [laughter] – That’s your kid. So… No, I’m gonna stick around. I wanna see what it looks and stuff. – [laughter] – Just for a second. But… So crazy, man. All I did was, I didn’t pull out. – And then… – [laughter] Now I’m gonna be a dad. So nuts. Isn’t that crazy? As a man, all you do is you dump inside of a girl and then… there’s life? That’s a pretty crude way of putting that. I’m sorry. But… that’s what happens. Let’s just talk about how good that feels. I… [laughter] Dude, I’ve been pulling out for years. And no comp— No orgasm— You don’t have an org— and you’re like, “Oh, that sucks.” Like, it’s still— It feels great. But when you leave it in? Dude. [laughter] Here’s all I’m saying. If you’re a pull-out guy, next time? Don’t. [laughter] Even if she tells you to. Be like, “I forgot.” [laughter] And she’ll whine about it. [whines] “What if I’m pregnant? My career!” And you’ll be like, “Is law school on hold? All right. Pretty sure you can cut hair with a gut.” [mixed laughter] Guys! I’m joking. I’m joking. [laughter] – [crowd cheers] – Joke. – I’m not joking. But… – [laughter] God, it feels so good! I can’t even— I can’t even describe how much better it feels. The best I’ve come up with is, remember when you were a kid, and the first time you tried something with melted cheese, – and you were like, “What the fuck?” – [laughter] “This is the same thing?” And they’re like, “Same shit.” And you’re like, “This is amazing! I can have this whenever I want?” “Mm-hm. Whenever you want. Just eight, ten seconds and it’s your world, man.” You’re like, “Oh, my God!” – It’s like that, but down here. – [laughter] Feels so good. Ohh.
Here’s what a piece of shit I am. I… I have been fantasizing a lot about people asking me how I lost the weight that I haven’t lost yet. [laughter] And, like, I just have so many answers. Like, I really enjoy doing— In my head, I’m like, “Dude, it’s not a diet, it’s a lifestyle.” [laughter] “Just gotta make smarter choices, man. I mean, drink more water. Look at me, I’ve never felt better. I have so much energy. If I can do it, you can do it.” And then I eat chocolate soufflé, as I have— – [imitates chewing sounds] – [laughter] Like, “Well, next year I’ll probably be ready for this conversation.” Fucking asshole. I don’t even want to, like, lose weight to live long or be healthy. I don’t. I just want to be able to make fun of fat people again. [laughter] And know for sure that they’re fatter than me. ‘Cause, like, sometimes— Now I’m like anybody, I’ll be like, “Look at this fat fucking asshole.” And someone’ll be like, “You’re fatter.” And I’m like, “Oh. Really?” And they’re like, “By a lot!” [laughter] “You should want his body.” And I’m like, “Ah, fuck, man.”
Since I’m gonna have a kid, I don’t want to be the fat dad. Remember when we were in elementary school, in like fifth grade? You’re like, “Hey, look at Billy’s fat fuckin’ dad.” [laughter] [chortles] “Fuckin’…” “Just fuckin’ batter him up tonight and eat him, huh, Billy’s dad?” Just don’t want to be that guy. I got a trainer. They gave me a trainer. That’s a better way of saying that. I joined a gym, and they go, “Do you want a free training session?” I was like, “Okay. What does it normally cost?” And they’re like, “Like $900.” I was like, “Wow, that’s a great deal. That’s awesome.” [crowd chuckles] The first session is a bait session. It’s ridiculous. The guy’s like, “Stand up.” Like, “Okay.” He’s like, “Wow, you’re a very powerful athlete.” [laughter] “Were you pro before?” I’m like, “Okay, yes. I think I was.” He goes, “You look like it. Your muscle fibers look really great.” I’m like… He’s like, “Want to do this all the time?” I’m like, “Yeah. Absolutely. This is a good boost for me. I like this a lot.” Second session, way different than the first session. Second session, I’m doing burpies. Like, you jump on the ground then you jump onto a wooden block. I’m running through sand pushing a sled. “And I go, is this SEAL school? What are we doing right now?” [laughter] In the middle of this workout, my trainer goes “Stop!” And I said, “Thank you.” [laughter] He goes, “Know why I told you to stop?” And I go, “Yeah, so you don’t have to give me CPR, I think.” [laughter] And he goes, “No. The Holy Spirit.” “What?” [laughter] And he goes, “The Holy Spirit told me to tell you to stop.” And I go… “What… did I sign up for? What the fuck is this?” And he goes, “Do you believe in Jesus Christ?” And I said, “Is He gonna make me do push-ups?” [laughter] And that right there, he got really mad at that. Like… really upset. He was like, “It’s not all jokes!” “I said one thing. I can’t say one thing? All right.” And he tells me to take the big plate, the 45-pound plate. “Hold it over your head and run down to the pier and back.” And the pier’s, like, three-quarters of a mile. And I go, “Nope.” [laughter] “Not doing that.” He’s like, “You’re quitting? You’re quitting on me?” And I go, “No, I’m not quitting, it’s just that… the Holy Spirit…” [laughter] “…it talks to me, too. And it said there’s no way I’m gonna make this run without throwing up and people laughing at me. So, I’m gonna get a peanut butter protein shake. I’m out, man.” And I took off. I’m not doing that shit.
I’m not making fun of you if you’re religious. I think that’s great. Any faith. Christian, Muslim, Jew, what— If you’re a Scientologist, you can go fuck yourself. But… – [crowd cheers] – Yeah. Because it’s not old. It’s gotta be old. [crowd chuckles] It’s fair to say there’s some times I don’t want to hear about it. You know? Like working out? Um… Getting high. That’s a bummer. Right? Like, when there’s pills and cash and tits out and… someone’s like, “Have you thought about accepting the Lord into your life?” And you’re like, “I’m trying to make bad decisions. Why are you doing this to me?” That and pre-sex. That is the worst. During sex, as-salamu alaykum. – Anything goes. But… – [laughter] Pre-sex? Like, right before, and the girl’s like, “Oh! What if God’s watching us?” And you’re like, “What?!” [laughter] “‘What if God is watching us?’ Of course He’s watching us! He sees everything and this is hands-down His favorite shit!” [laughter] [crowd cheering] Yeah. “Quit being a baby, put another knuckle in there and let’s give Him a show!” [laughter] [chuckles] [laughter]
Digit play, it’s fun. Get into it. But… let’s be clear about this, guys. We’re not gonna agree on everything. Okay? But we should agree on this. If you bring a baby into a movie theater, you’re a piece of shit. [crowd cheering] Yup. If your reason for doing it is you couldn’t get a babysitter, well, then, you don’t get to go to the movies. That’s how that works. It happened to me in back-to-back movies, which statistically I did not think was possible. First movie, I’m in there five minutes. I’m watching the movie and I hear, “Waaah.” “What?” I turn, and in the row behind me there’s a mother, a father and a baby. Not a child, which I think is an important distinction. It’s a baby. I’m like, “All right, these people are insane. Um… I’ll just ignore this.” Turn back, 30 seconds later, “Waah.” I’m like, “Well, now I have to say something.” Now… I’m polite. So I turn and I go, “Excuse me, are you stabbing your baby right now?” [laughter] “‘Cause it sounds like it.” And the dad goes… [heavy accent] “No, I love the baby.” – You picture him, okay? [laughter] “I love him. Pero… no. It’s my baby.” And I said, “Well, could you? ‘Cause I’m trying to watch this movie.” [laughter] “And… your baby’s ruining it.” He’s like, “No, no puedo.” So… [laughter] I get up, I go to the lobby, I see the manager of the theater and I go, “Hey! There’s a fucking baby in there… being a baby right now.” And the manager goes, “Some people suck.” And he walked away. That is the best customer service line I’ve ever heard in my life. Hands down. [cheers and applause] You can’t even get mad! If you’re in a restaurant, been waiting on your food, like, “Where the fuck is my food? I’ve been here half an hour!” And the manager’s like, “Some people suck.” Like, “Oh yeah. Some people suck. I didn’t think about it. My bad. Sorry about that.” I left. I left. The next day, I go back to the movies. I should point out I saw a different movie. It was also a different baby. It’s not the same family standing out front and then they see me and they’re like, “Oh, there he is. Let’s go inside… and ruin this for him again.” This time I am way further into the movie. I’m emotionally invested in this movie. I like the movie. And then, out of nowhere, I hear, “Waah.” This time, I swear to you, I audibly go, “Nuh-uh.” [laughter] And now, other people get involved. You know when you can hear somebody’s age in their voice? Like, I can’t see shit. It’s a dark theater. I just hear a guy go, “Either make it quiet or get it out!” [laughter] That guy’s 140 years old! [laughter] Like, I could hear that he’d never hugged his children. – I could hear it in his voice. – [laughter] This time, the mother of the baby goes, “Shut up.” – And I was like, “Oh shit!” Like… – [laughter] “We have a situation.” And then a third person goes, “Shh.” [laughter] What are you doing? “Shush” is passive-aggressive. She said, “Shut up.” Just go straight to “fuck you!” What are you doing? But now… I wanted to be the hero and save the movie. I felt a tremendous sense of injustice. Like, all these movies are being ruined by babies, but… I didn’t realize I was too angry in that moment to um, what is it? Speak English words in a sentence. You know when you get real rage, like— [barks] – Like, just… – [crowd chuckles] “Dude…” – [barks] Like… – [laughter] [growls] Like, you feel it, your throat dries out, and— aah! So I stood up in the theater with the best intentions and I went… “Why is everybody not in the adult movie?!” – Like none of it made sense. – [laughter] Everybody’s like, “Who’s that fucking guy? What’s his problem?” I was… I was trying to say, “Let’s be civilized adults.” But instead I went “adult movie.” “Porn’s on now. Cover your baby’s eyes.” [laughter] The next thing, I see a white T-shirt pop up and I’m like, “Well, there’s the dad.” [laughter] Some of you got it. And… He looked around, like, “Who’s talking shit?” And I was like, “I’m talking shit, bitch.” I didn’t say it, but he knew what was up. But then… [laughter] I went out the exit immediately cause I’m not getting my ass kicked over The Lego Movie, so I left. [cheering]
You guys, are you ever just tired of being alive? – Know what I mean? Like… – [crowd chuckles] I’m not suicidal. I just feel like I’ve done a lot and I’ve seen a lot. And now I’m like, – “Let’s wrap this shit up. Like…” – [laughter] Right? Like, how many fucking days are there? [laughter] I want to skip a grade. Remember… elementary school, and you get to the first day of, whatever, third grade, and you’re like, “Where’s Brian?” They’re like, “He skipped.” “Excuse me? How?” They’re like, “He can add like a motherfucker. I don’t know. He just… – Four, eight, twelve. He gets it.” – [laughter] And then you go, “I want to skip.” And they’re like— [chuckling] “Don’t even think about that. Think about other shit.” I’d love to skip in real life. That would be the best program, if they were like, “If you kill it this year, you have the best year, at the end of the year, a magical fairy or government official will come to your house… and they go, ‘You crushed it this year.'” – And you’re like, “I know.” – [crowd chuckles] Then they’re like, “Now you can skip as many years as you want.” I’d be like, “What the fuck?! Really?” “Mm-hmm. How many do you want to skip?” “Thirty?” Just land at retirement. I don’t wanna live much longer than that anyways. Seventy. Maybe 71. You know? Seventy so I can be “officially old” and experience old guy stuff, like people talking to me like I’m a pet, and, um… [laughter] You ever see that? When they’re like, “Hey, hey. How you doing? You’re so good. Would you like me to get you anything?” Like, “Yeah. Put some water in my bowl. What the fuck is this shit?” Like… [laughter] But I don’t want to live much longer than that. I mean, I hear people in conversation go, “I want to live to be a hundred.” Really? Have you seen 80? I mean, my dad has a friend that’s 87. – He looks like a goblin. Okay? – [laughter] He is terrifying to look at. And he knows it. He’s like, “I’m coming around the corner. Don’t look at me.” He knows it. – [laughter] – It’s scary. Here’s how much it sucks to be that old. When he was 84, he stopped taking his heart medication. And I go, “Why did you do that?” And he goes, “I don’t want to be here.” [laughter] If you see him now, you’re like, “How you doing?” – “Unfortunately, alive.” – [laughter] “But He won’t take me.” [laughter]
The only thing I have going for me with that old stuff is that I will be the best old guy. I already know it. Like, I have their personality. I’m anti-social as shit. I don’t want to do anything. Like… whenever anybody says to me, “Hey, man. Do you wanna go check out the—” I go, “No to the rest of your sentence. Whatever it is, I don’t want to do it.” I don’t want to meet new people. Not one more, as long as I live, for the rest of my life. That’s the same as old people. Try it if you want. Be like, “Hey, Grandpa! I want you to meet Steve.” And he’ll go, “Fuck Steve.” [laughter] “I know everybody I need to know. Gonna watch my shows.” [blows raspberry] [laughter] Know what I really want? I want to be that old— I don’t know if it’s an age, it’s just a way of being old. There’s a certain level of old where you get yelled at for trying to be helpful. That looks awesome. Know what I mean? When an old guy’s like, “I’m gonna take out the trash.” And someone’s like, “Are you out of your fucking mind? Your spine’ll snap. Sit down!” – “Okay.” – [laughter] “I tried. I’m sorry.” [laughter] That looks amazing.
I really want that old guy confidence that I see… in the locker room. Yeah. That’s another thing. [laughter] Dude. Another thing I’ve noticed since joining the gym, there’s two types of guys: Guys that are 65 and older, and then guys that cover their dicks. Because old guys… do not. It’s crazy! The first few days, I thought it was peacocking. Like showing off, you know? ‘Cause I saw some fucking hammers where you walk in and you’re like, “Whoa, yeah!” [laughter] “I wouldn’t wear pants either. Nice work, pal.” [laughter] But then, like the third day, I saw a guy, he had just like the cutest little thing. [laughter] And he was just like all on the— He was like, “Oil prices are crazy right now.” [laughter] I’m like, “Dude, you have a little grain of rice. You don’t give a shit?” He didn’t. He didn’t care. I want that confidence. I don’t even know how it’s attainable. Like, if I know anyone’s gonna see it, I’m gonna… you know? [laughter] Give it a smack. [laughter] And then you go, “Huh. There’s an inch.” [laughter] Let’s not act like I’m the only self-fluff er in the room, okay? Dude. Ladies, if you’ve ever received a dick-pic before, um, here’s some secret intel: That’s not the first shot. [laughter] Pretty much goes like this: Click. – “Fuck that.” And then… – [laughter] “Oh, yeah, that’s me. That’s all me right there. That’s me.” God, sweating my fucking balls off. Like a preacher. Amen.
All right. So… – [laughter] Ha! This is a very— I think this— Pretty girls. Pretty town. A lot of good-looking girls in this town. Um… I noticed, stylistically, I feel like a lot of girls here have nose rings, and I have to tell you, I fucking dig it. Yeah. I like a girl with a nose ring. I think it says something. I think it says, – “I have other piercings, and…” – [crowd chuckling] – “…you can see them.” [laughter] “As soon as I get this hemp bra off.” – But… [laughter] Eyebrow ring, that’s another level. That is a statement. And that statement is: “Fisting is my first base.” Like, those chicks are fuckin’ down. Am I right? – [crowd cheering] – Yeah. Oh, yeah. Some of you— No? I’m seeing disappointment in some people’s faces, for sure. Yeah. Some people are like, “Mm-mm.” [laughter] “Didn’t sign up for this shit. No, sir.” And the rest of you are like, “But… But, Tom! What about tongue rings? What about tongue rings, Tom?” What about them?! [laughter] Tools of the trade. Did Rembrandt not have a paintbrush? [laughter] Who is Beethoven without his piano? That girl has a tongue ring ’cause her mouth is a homing device for cocks! [laughter] You leave her alone! Or just show her your dick. There’s a pretty good chance she’s gonna lap that shit up. Mm-mm-mm-mm. [laughter] Don’t get upset. It’s silly. It’s a silly joke.
Look, I’m not a misogynistic pig. I think women should judge men equally and harshly. You know what never fails? Judge men based on what they drive. Ladies… if a guy picks you up in a minivan, he is telling you, “Why have sex when we can collect all the Angry Birds stuffed animals?” [laughter] Full-size van. Whoa. [laughter] That’s more like, “You wanna go out? Well, you’re coming.” [laughter] Kidnapping joke, yeah? Now, ladies, if a guy picks you up in a Honda and it’s lowered, real low, low… to the ground… and there’s some cool blue lights underneath it, that says, “When we get to this restaurant, get whatever you want. My mom’s got this. Don’t worry about it. I got it. Yeah.” – [laughter] – “Yeah.” “Yeah, she gave me tip money. Yeah!”
Oh, man. I was in, uh, London… Canada. – Um, they have one. – [crowd chuckles] And… Doesn’t that kinda bother you? A little bit? When a barely city is like, “Let’s name it after an awesome city.” – [laughter] – [snickers] And they have the nerve to ask you, “How do you like London?” “The real one, or this turd you put in a dress? Because…” [laughter] Like, the fucking balls on Paris, Tennessee, to name their city Paris? And then they built a mini Eiffel Tower? Like you’re gonna walk around confused, like, “Well, bonjour! I don’t even know where I’m at!” [laughter, cheering] “Can I get me a ‘crassant?'” [chortles] [laughter] Fuck Paris, Tennessee.
So, we’re leaving… London, Ontario, Canada— bothers me just to say it. And we’re headed back to Toronto, and we pass by a strip club named Beef. – Now… – [crowd chuckles] Yeah, your hearing is working just fine. [laughter] There’s a strip club named Beef! I mean… can you even wrap your head around the confidence a young lady has to have just to audition at Beef? Just to be like, “I know they’re hiring at Diamonds, but I’m more of a Beef girl.” – Like, that is… – [laughter] It’s such an aggressive name, even for a casual conversation. To be like, “Oh, you strip?” “Where do you strip at?” “Beef.” [laughter] – “Jesus.” – [laughter] “What goes on there?” “Pretty intense shit, actually. We recommend you start your night at a different strip club and graduate to Beef. You start here, we’ll wreck your life.” Like, “All right. God.” Fuckin’ Beef is the name— Fart is a better name for a strip club. If somebody was like, “You wanna go to a strip club? It’s called Fart.” I’d be like, “No, I don’t want to go there.” “There’s another one called Beef.” “All right, let’s check out Fart.” [laughter] “See where that ends up.”
I feel like… the worst part, honestly, of traveling in our country is that there’s no surprises. I swear to you, I travel every week, and it’s really a disappointment. Every place is exactly what I thought it was going to be. You know? I can prove it to you. Picture a place you’ve never been to in this country. Picture it. That’s exactly how it is. [laughter] What are the people like, you wonder? What do you think they’re like? That’s right. [laughter] It’s— I swear to you! Go to San Francisco. They’re like, “Ah, we’re offended.” And you’re like, “Yep.” [laughter] “I know.” Texas? I don’t think the people of Texas necessarily want to execute retarded people, but I think they’re like, “You know what? This is Texas. So… whoo!” [laughter] “That’s how we do it around here, brother. A little boot scoot boop! See you later, dumdum. All right.” [laughter] They’ve done it multiple times! They keep doing it. “I’m sowwy.” “Yeah, me too.” [laughter] Crazy. The Midwest? I mean, don’t you feel like we could draw a circle around the Midwest and be like, – “Do we need this?” – [laughter] Except for wherever you’re from. That place is fucking awesome. The Northeast, shady fucking people in shady cities. That’s all they are. Just shady. Just fucking all those places. Jersey, Philly, Balti— they’re all… – [chortles] – [laughter] “How you doing?” “Not now, thank you very much.” [laughter] “Can I help you with something?” “Nope. Never in my life.” The one quality I do love about Northeastern people, though, you could be in an argument with them and be like, “You’re a fucking asshole.” – And they’re like, “Thank you.” – [laughter] “My dad’s an asshole, and so am I. It’s kind of a thing.” Then what? You head, uh… you head on down south. [chuckles] [laughter] [Southern accent] Where “God don’t make no junk.” [snickers] That’s a real expression, by the way: “God don’t make no junk.” They say it a lot. I lived there for a while. They say it to people who are complaining about their own situation. So essentially, it’s a pick-me-up. Right? Like, some lady might go, “I ain’t purty!” [laughter] “And I ain’t no good.” [crowd chuckling] “No one’s ever gonna love me.” [moans] And someone’ll go, “Don’t you talk that mess.” [crowd chuckles] “Don’t you say that, Sally— Billy Bob— Sandra. Don’t you say that.” [laughter] “God don’t make no junk.” I always want to interrupt and be like, “I’d like to politely disagree!” [laughter] “I think He was nodding off when He made you.” [laughter] “While your sunken eyes and protruding underbite are charming…” [laughter] “…that map of white trash is not sending a lot of lead to the pencil. You’re right! You’re gonna die alone, bah-bah-bah-Nascar-fart-beer.” [laughter, cheers] “You big box of stupid.” [laughter]
Here’s great travel advice, okay? Do not take the red-eye. If you don’t know what that is, it’s amazing that you made it this far in life. It’s when you fly overnight from the West Coast to the Eastern time zone. Some people love that flight. And those people are sociopaths. – Because… here’s why. – [laughter] You land and your body’s like, “Well, it’s 3:30 in the morning. I guess we’re going to sleep.” And then the world goes… – “Uh… nope!” – [laughter] “6:30, dickhead! Get ready to do stuff.” And then you cry for days. Last one I ever went on, I boarded with my wife. We get on, she looks at our boarding passes, she goes, “We’re not sitting next to each other.” And I go, “Okay.” [laughter] I don’t know. She goes, “You don’t wanna switch seats?” And I go, “Not really.” [laughter] And she goes, “Why not?” I said, “‘Cause we don’t have to.” She goes, “What does that mean?” I said, “Well, there’s only two people that have to sit next to each other, and they’re up front.” [laughter, applause] “We can sit anywhere.” She goes, “You’re gonna ask people to move.” And I was like, “Great. Should be a real treat.” That’s always fun, right? “You all settled in? – Want to stand the fuck up now?” Great. – [laughter] So… we’re both window seats. We need an aisle to move. So I go to the guy sitting next to her, and this guy is old. I don’t know how old, but it doesn’t look good. He’s… he’s drooling… [grunts] …he’s got rubber where there used to be bones— Put it this way: – It’s his last flight. All right? So… – [laughter] After this one, no más. [crowd chuckles] So I go, “Excuse me, Gandalf. Do you think that…” [laughter] “…you could move so I can sit next to my wife?” And he goes, “Move?” “Mm-hmm.” He goes, “You move.” – “Yep.” – [crowd chuckles] “I’ll move here, and then you move there.” And he goes, “You can’t see a meniscus… [gibberish] …I won’t be able to stretch out as much. [mumbling] I can’t stretch. I gotta sit by the aisle access and stretch it out there so it’s built up more. It’ll be seven, eight times more if I sit over there.” And I go, “Are you reading me a fucking novel about this?” [laughter] “Jesus, just say no! And I hope you lose your leg.” And then I turned around. Well, he was a dick. He was. Was he old? Yes. Was he disabled? Severely. [laughter]
Disabled people have to earn their cool points just like the rest of us. I’m so exhausted of the idea that everybody with a disability is automatically an angel on earth. They’re not. They’re people, and you should treat them like people. But you don’t. You patronize the shit out of them. Yeah. – I know you do. – [applause] Of course. There’s so many uncomfortably silent guilty faces in here right now. [laughter] Yeah. You know when you’re at work and fucking Sam rolls up? [laughter] It’s always Sam. You don’t go, “Hey, Sam.” You go, “Hai, Sahm.” [laughter] And he’s like, “Hi.” And you go, “How was your weekend?” [laughter] He’s like, “It was good.” “Well, that’s good!” And he’s like, “You know I’m not retarded right? I just can’t stand up. You’re a fucking asshole.” [crowd laughs, cheers]
Some of them are cool. Some of them are dicks. I was walking into a building not two weeks ago. I open the door. Ten steps back, I notice a guy’s coming up with no arms. You know what I do? I hold the door. And when he gets up, he goes, “I don’t need you to do that shit.” And I go… [laughter] – “All right.” – [cheering] “Okay, Stumpy. Um… let’s watch you bite that handle for an hour. – That’ll be a fun fucking show.” – [laughter] Fuck that guy. Absolutely fuck him.
So… Midnight on this flight, the lights come on, and that’s too early, right? That’s too early for the red-eye. I panic. I think we’re dying. So… I see the attendant, I go, “Hey, what the fuck’s happening?” She goes, “There’s a medical emergency in the back. Are you a doctor?” And I go, “Look at me.” [laughter] “You think I’m a doctor?” And she goes, “Are any of you?” And we go, “No.” I said, “I think we just established that none of us are doctors. How about you kill those lights so we can go back to sleep?” [laughter] And she goes, “Well, he needs help.” And I go, “Well, we’re not doctors. We could stand around him for a while, If you think that’ll help.” “Yeah, he’s fucked up.” [laughter] “Huh? Comedian.” [laughter] “Mostly stories. Hang in there.” I don’t fucking know. So… half an hour later, lights are still on, and I go, “What are we doing?” And she goes, “I think we’re gonna divert.” And I go, “Divert? Does that mean we’re gonna dump fuel?” Have you ever asked somebody something so profoundly stupid to them that they have to physically regroup before they answer your question? [laughter] Like, she went to answer, and then she went, “Huh.” [laughter] Like her brain was like, control-alt-delete, rebooted… [laughter] …and she goes, “Divert doesn’t mean dump fuel, you dumb shit.” And I was like, “I know, I was just playing. Gah.” [laughter] She said, “We’re gonna land at the nearest airport. We’ll get him off and we’ll get him help. Then we’ll continue.” And I go, “You gotta be shitting me.” And she goes, “No.” And I said, “Well, what if he’s dead?” And she goes, “What?” – And I go, “If he’s dead…” – [laughter] “…we’re not just gonna land to drop off some luggage, right? We’re gonna keep going.” And she goes, “I guess so.” [laughter] And I said, “Well, in that case, I am a doctor.” [laughter] “And I’m gonna need a pillow. Stat.” [laughter] [cheers and applause] And then, I fucking killed a guy. On a plane. [laughter] It was the most fun I’ve ever had in my life.
Um… Bikes! I get, like… verbal tics, you know? I don’t have Tourette’s. I wish I did. It looks fun. But… I’ll just yell shit. It’s like a hook on a catchy song, except it’s just stuff that I watch, and then… “Bikes!” I just yell it, you know. Over and over. Only like two or three million times.
But… I’m obsessed with the show Scared Straight. Um… If you’ve never seen it, it’s tremendous. Here’s what they do. In the show, they take kids, middle school and high school kids that are getting in trouble a lot, and they send them to jail for a day. And the idea is that jail will scare the fuck out of the kid, and then he’ll get his life together. Hence, Scared Straight. It’s tremendous. I’m obsessed with one episode. – It aired once. – [crowd chuckles] In 1999. Here’s what’s great. It aired uncensored, which is bananas. And… in this episode they did not send the kids to jail, like they normally do. Instead, they sent them to a maximum security penitentiary. [crowd chuckles] Prison. And those prisoners verbally assaulted these kids into crying a lot. [laughter] And it’s the funniest shit I have ever seen in my life. First of all, don’t feel, like, too bad for— these kids are super badass. They’re not like, spitting spitballs in class and— They’re fucking stabbing other kids. They’re badass kids. Okay? And they show up to this thing with attitude. They walk in, they’re like, “What’s up? I run sixth grade. – I ain’t scared of you, man. Like…” – [laughter] “You can’t scare me.” And they’re greeted by a guy named Crazy Chris. Chris has scars on his face, and the screen freezes. And it says, “Chris killed six people, and he’s doing a double life sentence.” Like, this dude is so bad that when he dies and he’s reincarnated, that guy is doing life in prison also. [laughter] So this is a bad motherfucker right here. The kids are like squatting around, and Chris is like, “Hey. My name’s Crazy Chris. And from now on, you will see me in your nightmares.” And the kids are like, “What the fuck?” Like… “I’m 12. Don’t talk to me like that. Man, that’s crazy.” And he goes, “If I ever see you again, I’ll take a bite out of each of you.” And they’re like, “All right. We’re reformed now. Thank you very much.” Jesus. But they can’t leave. The next guy comes up to them and he goes, “Hold mah pocket! – Hold mah pocket!” – [crowd chuckles] And he makes kids walk around holding the inside of his pocket. You understand? So he walks, and then they’re like— [nervous chuckle] I don’t know what you know about prison, but if you’re holding onto another dude’s pocket, – it’s gonna be a rough day. All right? – [laughter] Not only is this guy making kids hold his— he’s talking ridiculous shit to middle schoolers. He’s like, “I’mma make you suck my dick for breakfast!” [laughter] “Every mornin’.” And the kids are like… [groaning] [laughter] “I hate breakfast! Ugh!” [laughter] Funny shit like that. So… [chortles] He’s like, “I’mma mush your motherfucking face!” And the kid’s like— [whimpering] It’s so fucking funny. Ah… [crowd chuckling] There’s one exchange where this dude, he pulls a kid out of line. The kid’s, like, 13. He weighs, I don’t know, a hundred pounds? And he has a bowl cut. Okay? He has a bowl cut. [laughter] In prison. Do-do-do-do-do-do-do-do-do. It’s parted in the middle. The prisoner goes, “Why you here?” And the kid’s like… “Ugh. Stealing.” And he goes, “The fuck you took?” [laughter] And the kids goes, “B… Bikes.” And he goes, “Bikes!” And that’s why I yell “bikes” all the time. [laughter] [cheers and applause] You should see me when we drive by a bike store. – Holy shit. – [laughter] I’ll be driving. I’ll be like, “Ahh…” – And my wife, she’s pretty over it. Um… – [laughter] She’ll go, like, “You get one.” I’m like, “All right, I’m gonna make this shit count.” So, I’ll pull over, roll down the window, and I wait till I see somebody checking out one of the sidewalk displays, like with all the bikes out there, and when they find one they like and they’re like, “I like this one,” I’ll go, “Bikes!” And they’re like, “What the fuck?!” And I go, “Stop selling drugs!” And I drive off. [laughter] That’s right. [cheers and applause] Super fun. You should do it. Ah, man.
So, my wife is the coolest, actually. She’s the best. And, uh, she— we’ve been together ten years. And women will actually ask me, sometimes, they’ll be like, “Ten years? That’s a pretty good run. What’s the secret? Is there a secret?” And I want to tell you that there is. And ladies, the key to your man’s heart is through his… taint. Now, if you don’t know, the taint is that little strip of land between a man’s balls and his butthole. [cheers and applause] Also known as the Devil’s Driveway. – Now… – [laughter] …some of you are like, “I don’t want to go there. That sounds scary.” Well, yeah. [laughter] Your man’s perineum, that’s like the Incan ruins of his body. And just like Machu Picchu, its a little out of the way. [laughter] But once you get there, the rewards are oh, so glorious. Ladies, I just gave you top secret clearance. Okay? Um, welcome to Area 51. Yeah. I never want to hear another woman complain, “I can’t get a guy to call me back.” Well, take a vibrator, press it against his chode, and you will have to shut down a cell tower because that man is gonna harass you. All right? [laughter, applause] [cheering] Yeah. After you make him shiver. [laughter] Don’t be an asshole and put it on high speed the first time. You’ll send him to the emergency room. But… Ease into it. One, two, three. He’ll be like, all right! [laughter] [sighs] I’m not piling on you for not doing enough, if you’re a woman. Guys are the worst. Absolutely. Every guy friend of mine that complains about a sex thing, it’s always the same stupid shit. They’ll be like, “You know, like, I liked her, but she’s not slutty. She didn’t do anything slutty.” I’m like, “Huh. You tell her what you like?” “Unh-unh.” I’m like, “Oh. Well, you weird silent fuck.” [laughter] “You gotta tell her. If she likes you, she’ll do it. Gotta tell her, ‘Put on a clown suit and peg me.’ Or whatever you like.” [laughter] I’ll tell you my favorite. I don’t give a shit. I love the medical genre. That is my favorite. I love those pornos where the guy goes in the doctor’s office. He’s like, “Oh, my back hurts.” The nurse is like, “That’s ’cause your big stupid balls are full. Get over here.” [laughter] I love that. I love it, I told my wife, and now we have scrubs. [laughter, cheers] Everybody likes it. Don’t act like— whenever you— If you’re a guy and you see a nurse, you always are like… “Maybe she’ll suck it.” Like that. Like, you always… Even if you see a nurse walking around, you’re like, “Hey. What? No, I didn’t say anything. I was just…” [laughter] “Do you? Okay, no, you don’t? Okay. No, I feel fine. Thank you.” It’s the best. I love— I love, though, on the medical pornos, those scenes, they always end with letting you know how he’s doing medically. Like the guy goes, “Uhhh. My back feels better.” You’re like, “Oh, wow.” [laughter] “We were all worried about your third lumbar. So, that’s good.” Crazy, and I swear, this is true, as much as I love that shit, I have never in my life seen a smaller version of my own dick than when I’m in the doctor’s office. Like, it gets so small, and it leans to the left. So my dick is like, “What did you say?” [laughter] “Hmm? Should I be here, Dad?” You ever yell at it? You’re like, “What the fuck?! Monday we were hitting thigh, and today you’re like, – ‘I want to stay in bed and read. So…'” – [laughter] “‘You go out. I’m gonna draw a bath. Bye.'” And you’ll be like, “You stupid little dick!” They have porno suggestions. Isn’t that weird too? Like you watch a scene, It’s like, “You might also like…” And you’re like, “What?” And then its like some weird sh— It’s like, “Sis is mad at her brother for not leaving, so she blows him.” And you’re like, “Ugh! Gross. All right, I’m gonna see what it looks like.” They’re not really related. That scene is so stupid cause they always call each other Bro and Sis, like any fucking people on the planet do that. The girl’s like, “Bro! My friends are coming over. Get outta here.” He’s like, “No way, Sis. Not leaving.” “Come on! What’ll it take?” “Boop. Right there. That’s what it’ll take.” “Okay.” And you’re like, “All right. It’s not a good premise, but I’ll watch it.” [laughter] [sighs]
Let me ask you this. If you’re white, aren’t you a little tired of being blamed for every racial injustice? – Like, doesn’t part of you… – [man] Yeah! [blows raspberry] [laughter] Yeah, yeah. No, that’s good. So… [laughter] People are like, “What the fuck?” No! That’s what I’m saying! Like… Don’t you kinda want to tell, like, the other people, “Why doesn’t your group get their shit together, and then you can ascend to the top and then you can oppress other people.” [mixed laughter] Not as many claps on that one. Well, uh… [laughter, applause] Oops. [crowd chuckles] Here’s all I’m saying. Okay? Every race is racist. Okay? We’re the best at it, but every race is racist. Who’s super racist? Asians. Right? Yeah, you guys are… You’re nodding. Like, “You know goddamn right I am. Of course.” You don’t know about it? There’s a hierarchy to the whole thing. Here’s how it works. Japanese, they’re number one, which is weird ’cause their genitals are blurry. – But they’re number one. Right? – [laughter] Then… [crowd cheering] Chinese and Koreans are right there. And everybody else who’s, like, tan, like… [laughter] Vietnamese and Filipino, they’re like— [spits] “Fuck you!” [laughter] True or not? Yeah. Don’t you feel better about everything right now? Like… What’s your ethnic background? You’re Chinese? That’s number two. That’s almost at the top. That’s great. That’s gotta feel good, right? Who did you, like— Who did your parents talk the most shit about, growing up? Wait. Were you raised in an Asian household, or are you one of those, “That’s cute, lets get one of those”? [laughter] ‘Cause that’s a legit question. Asian? So who’d your parents talk the most shit about growing up, racially? – Be honest. Huh? – [man] Japanese. – Japanese! Fuckin’… All right, so… – [laughter] Do you hate Japanese people? No? They fucking hate you. A lot. [laughter] You know they do. Uh… What do your parents say about them? What’s the shit that they talk? [man] They wanted me to marry one. They wanted you to marry one? [man continues indistinctly] They wanted her to do whatever you want. – Are your parents Saudi or…? – [laughter] Can I get this fucking straight for a second? Your parents were like, “We want our beautiful Chinese boy to marry a Japanese girl so that ‘she’ll do whatever you want'”? – Meaning they’re submissive? – [man] Yes. Yeah. All right. So who’s this fucking lady sitting next to you? What’s she all about? Hey! Don’t fucking answer. It’s his world. – What is— What is, uh… – [roaring laughter] Ask him if you can answer. [laughter] She’s Chinese? Damn! [laughter] Do you know— [laughs] Do you know how I found out about Asian racism? This is how I found out about it. I had no idea. I’m shooting a commercial in L.A., and they fly in a Japanese director, okay? – Uhhh. Grunts, everything. So… – [laughter] Yeah. So I was like, “Do you have indigestion?” He was, “Uhh. No.” We’re shooting the commercial, and between takes, there’s a Filipino production assistant. So, he come up and talks to us and he walks away. And when he walks away, I see the Japanese director give him a very dismissive look, like… And I go, “Hey! I saw that, with my eyes. What was that all about?” I go, “You don’t like him?” And he goes… And I go, “Why not?” And he goes… [laughter] Did you catch it? It was really fast. [laughter] He basically said, “I don’t like him ’cause I don’t like his skin color.” And he did it with this little gesture. And I was like, “Holy shit! That’s fucking brilliant. How did I not think of that?” You don’t have to worry about people hearing you and getting hit. Just make a little thing and move it along. Like… [laughter] Don’t act like you’re not gonna use that five fucking times this week. [applause] When you’re in your favorite restaurant and “they” come in, you’re like… [laughter] “Let’s take it to go. Thanks a lot.” [laughter]
Oh, guys. Thank you for having jobs. Um… I’m assuming you do. I don’t fucking know. You’re here. Maybe you robbed somebody. But… I was just thinking about how long it’s been since I’ve had a job, and how I absolutely could not get one right now. If I went into a place and gave them my résumé, they’d be like, “What’s with this 13-year gap on here, man?” And I’d be like, “What’s with all the questions, dude? Chill out.” I mean, if I had to get a job, I think I would just go for a job where no one knows what the fuck I’m talking about, so I could just make shit up. Because… There’s a few of those. Like, the spokesman for an arson investigation. Um… Arson means fire, by the way. I’m seeing a lot of blank faces. And… [laughter] You can see them online. Like, a guy comes out to a podium, and there’s a mic and there’s news people around. There’s a burned down building behind, and he’s just like— “Hey. That shit burned down.” [laughter] “Could you tell us a little more?” He’s like, “What?” Totally aggravated. “What do you wanna know?” “How did it start?” “It was a match.” And they go, “How do you know?” “We found it.” “It.” Like it’s one. There’s other matches and he’s like, “Mm-mmm.” “This one.” They go, “How do you know that’s the match?” “Just complicated fire shit. You wouldn’t understand.” Thing is, man, I miss zero part of having a day job. That’s the truth. I miss zero part.
The only part I still miss is spreading rumors and gossip about people that work there. That’s the fucking best. It is! I remember. Going to work sucks. That’s universal. I mean, shit! Most of you will have it on Monday. Fuckin’— the alarm goes off, and you go, “Motherfucker!” [laughter] “Today’s gonna suck!” [laughter] “But I’m gonna talk shit about Amanda when I get there.” And then that… raises your spirit right? You think about that in the shower. “I’m gonna ruin Amanda’s day today.” [laughter] “This is for you, Amanda. Aahh.” The fucked-up thing is people making you feel badly for enjoying that. You shouldn’t feel badly for enjoying gossip. It’s 100 percent normal and natural to because it’s definitely an extension of childhood. Because all of us, when we were kids, and all kids now, for a certain period of time, the worst storytellers ever, okay? You don’t know shit about editing information, enhancing things, keeping people’s interest. You don’t have to have a kid to know about this. Talk to any kid. A friends kid. A niece, a nephew. It’s when you go to a kid, you go like, “Hey, were you outside?” And they go, “Yeah!” And you’re like, “Why don’t you dial that back? That was crazy. Okay?” And then you ask one question, like, “How was that?” And they go, “I have— When— When Jeanette came by, she— she didn’t— she brought the yellow cup that— she didn’t want to kick the ball back, but I said, can— ‘Cause Brian’s cup is red, that if you— if you— if you don’t have it now, then you don’t have to bring the blue— ‘Cause the blue one that Jane had was with her. I said, ‘If you don’t have it, you can— you can use mine now, but then… then next it’s my turn.'” You go, “That was a great fucking story. Thank you.” [laughter, applause] Je-sus! [laughter] And then kids accidentally tell their first good story. They don’t mean to, it’s an accident. That’s why it leaves an impact. ‘Cause you go, “Were you at the park?” And they go, “Yeah.” And you go, “How was that?” And they go, “I saw Uncle Jeff, and he had a lady sitting on his lap. But it wasn’t Aunt Maria.” And you’re like, “What?” [laughter] And the kid’s like, “Shit, I’ve never seen that fucking face before!” And you’re like, “That’s a good story. Go find more stories like that.” [laughter] That’s burned into your psyche. That’s why you go to work, you see your coworker, you’re like, “Hey, I got some juice.” And they’re like, “Is it gonna negatively impact somebody’s life?” [chortles] “Yeah.” And they’re like, “Fucking hook that shit up!” [cheers and applause]
I’ve spread so many fucking rumors. My favorite part about rumors, nobody verifies shit. Somebody says something once and you’re like, “Cool, I’ll roll with that forever. Thanks, man.” “Are you gonna fact check that?” “Why? You said it out loud. I don’t have to check anything out. It’s now a fact. So, whatever.” It’s a seed, right? You ever a part of one that just grows? I remember years ago, I’m watching a movie with my dad. In the middle of the movie, the actor, Tommy Lee Jones, appears onscreen. Great actor. Oscar winner. Unprompted, my dad turns to me and he goes, “Did you know he was gay?” And I was like, “No.” “Yeah.” [laughter] Now, it doesn’t matter, and I don’t care. But I decided I would tell everyone I ever met for the rest of my life that Tommy Lee Jones is gay. I told a lot of people. Like, from The Fugitive through No Country for Old Men. – I told everybody. – [laughter] Until one day I told somebody and he goes, “No, he isn’t.” And I was like, “Yeah, he is.” And he goes, “How do you know that?” And I said, “My dad told me.” [laughter] “What? Your dad fuck him or something?” [laughter] I was like, “I don’t think so.” Then he goes, “I’ve known him 40 years. I know his wife and kids. I knew him when he was single. He is not gay.” And I go, “What is happening right now?” [laughter] And I called my dad immediately. And I was like, “Dad! I just got confirmation that Tommy Lee Jones isn’t gay.” And my dad goes, “Oh, I thought he was.” [laughter] “Is that the end of your investigation? Are you fucking serious? Why did you tell me that?” He goes, “I don’t know.” I said, “Did somebody tell you?” He goes, “I can’t remember.” I said, “Have you been telling everybody for 15 years that Tommy Lee Jones is gay?” And he goes, “Yep.” I go, “Don’t you think we should stop?” He goes, “Now we should.” [laughter]
Just made that shit up. This is not made-up. I’ll tell you this, man. [sighs] Not too long ago, I met former heavyweight champion of the world Iron Mike Tyson. And… [cheers and applause] It completely changed my perspective on a famous person, ’cause I thought I knew famous people. Friends of mine on TV and movies, they are dog shit next to Mike Tyson. Think about how— he is famous the way an ex-president is famous, in that he can’t go anywhere in the world without everyone knowing who he is. You can take him to the Philippines, you can take him to Siberia, you can take him to Namibia and people would be like, [smacking] “Mike Tyson.” Everybody knows Mike Tyson. That’s a perfect impression, by the way. So… we’re on an afternoon flight from L.A. to Pittsburgh. He is sitting across the aisle one row back. He’s right there. It takes an extra hour to board the flight. Why? Because every passenger that boards sees him, and they’re like, “Get the fuck out of here.” And they shit their pants. And he’s super nice. He shakes everyone’s hand. Flight attendants are telling people, “Go to your seat.” – And they’re like, “Nope.” – [laughter] “Talking to him.” “We’re not asking you, we’re telling you.” “I don’t give a shit. I’m not going anywhere.” It takes forever. We leave late. I don’t say anything. About half an hour’s left in the flight, and then I tell myself, “You have to say something. You’re never going to run into him again.” So I get up, walk over to his seat and I go, “I’m sorry to bother you. I grew up watching all of your fights, and I’m a big fan.” And he goes, “Thank you.” [laughter] I said, “I’m just curious, why are you going to Pittsburgh?” He goes, “I’m promoting a fight. What about you?” I said, “I’m a comedian. I’m going to do shows.” And he goes— [giggles] “You’re a comedian?” I go, “Yeah.” He said, “Where’s your show?” I said “It’s a comedy club called the Pittsburgh Improv.” And he goes, “Where’s that?” – And I go, “I have no fucking idea.” – [laughter] And he goes, “Is your show tonight?” And I go, “No. It’s eleven o’clock at night and we’re on a plane.” [laughter] “We’re in the sky right now, Mike.” He goes, “Well, when’s your show?” And I go, “Tomorrow.” And he goes, “Where?” And I go, “Still at the Pittsburgh Improv.” He goes, “How do I find it?” I go, “I don’t fucking know. Google it.” Then it hits me, like, two seconds later how batshit crazy it is of me to tell him to like, Google it. – You know? Like… – [laughter] “You figure it out, fuckface!” [laughter] Am I out of my mind? So… I grab a DVD out of my bag, I give it to him. I go, “It has my name on it, just type it in. It’ll show you where I’m at.” He goes, “Thank you.” I go, “That’s cool. I met Tyson.” Ten seconds later, I’m sitting in my seat and I hear, “Tom?” [laughter] “Yes, Mike Tyson?” He goes, “Were you on television recently?” And I go, “Mm-mmm.” He goes, “Are you sure?” And I go, “Yeah, I think so.” And he goes, “Nothing?” And I go, “I mean, I’m on Netflix.” And he goes, “I fucking love Netflix.” [laughter] “Okay.” He goes, “What’s your favorite show on Netflix, Tom?” I go, “Are we really doing this right now? Like, shouting across the aisle?” “I like House of Cards, man!” Like… [laughter] It feels crazy, okay? So, I’m super nervous. I don’t know what to say— I’m like, “I don’t know. I watched Breaking Bad on Netflix.” And he goes, “My wife likes Breaking Bad.” But he said it like, “You like shit my wife likes.” And I was like, “Ugh.” Then his eyes light up like saucers, and he’s like, “Oh! You like Sons of Anarchy?” And I know it’s a great show. There’s a lot of great shows. I can’t see every show. I’ve never seen it. Do you ever lie? Like a child to an adult? ‘Cause you think they’ll like you more if you like the same thing? Well, I saw that face and I go, “It’s my favorite show of all time.” [laughter] And he’s like, “It’s the shit!” And I was like, “Oh, I know. That one episode? That’s my favorite.” And then he gives me a fist bump across the aisle, right? Is this not registering to you? I get a Mike Tyson fist bump.
[crowd cheers]
Yeah. I can feel his powers transferring from his hand into mine. I’m like, “Oh, shit.” That’s crazy, right? I’m so happy. And then a few seconds later, I feel a bear paw on my shoulder. And I turn, and Tyson is standing above me. – I’m like, “Jesus Christ!” – [laughter] Immediately he leans down and he whispers in my ear so nobody else can hear, and he goes, “I’ve been watching a lot of Netflix.” – That’s it. That’s all he said. – [laughter] Dude, I never thought that sentence could be terrifying. [laughter] And now he’s just looking at me like, “Now you say something, bitch.” Ya know? I was like, “I never turn it off. It’s the best.” I don’t know what to say. He goes, “Now I recognize you.” And I go, “What?” And he holds up the DVD. And I go, “I just gave that to you.” And he goes, “It’s the same picture that’s on Netflix.” And I go, “Oh, yeah. That’s the same picture.” He goes, “I know who you are.” I go, “That’s crazy.” And he goes, “Give me your phone number.” And I go, “What?!” I give him my number, we land. I fucking run off the plane. Okay? It’s like… too much weird shit for one day. The next day, I’m sitting in my hotel room, and I get a text message from Mike Tyson. [cheers and applause] You know what it says? – “Where’s your show?” – [laughter] And I go, “The Pittsburgh Improv.” “Where’s that?” I fucking Google it. [laughter] I send it to him, and the phone rings. “Hey, Tom.” And I go, “‘Sup, Champ?” [cheers and applause] He goes, “We’re coming to your show tonight, brother.” And I go, “That’s fucking crazy!” He goes, “Yeah, we wanna watch you do your work.” And I go, “Well, I’m honored.” And he goes, “It’s all love.” [laughter] I know what he’s saying. I know the expression. And I just want to reciprocate, but I— I don’t know what to do. And I’m super nervous, and I just go, “I love you.” [laughter] And he goes, “Mmm, good luck at your show.” And he hangs up the phone.
Seattle, you’re the best. Thank you so much.
Thank you very much.
[cheers and applause]
Appreciate it. Thank you.
[up-tempo music playing]
[crowd cheering, applauding] [whistling]
[whooping]
How you doing? No shit. Thank you, thank you. How you guys doing? All right. Thank you very much. It’s great to be in Austin, Texas.
Um…
[crowd cheers] Yeah. When I do the road, I leave a wife and two small kids, and, uh, she’s… she’s pretty attached, you know. Um…
[crowd laughing]
She cries when I leave. [laughs] Like…
[crowd laughing]
…all the time. Yeah, she does. I leave, and she’s like… [tearfully] “It’s gonna be hard when you’re gone.” And then I have to do, like, an acting exercise, and I’m like… [tearfully] “It’s gonna be hard for me, too.” You know? It’s not hard. [laughs] It’s fun. I just did it backstage on the phone, like five minutes ago. She’s like… [tearfully] “I’m all alone at the house.” And I was like… [tearfully] “I’m all alone out here.” You know? No, I’m not.
Yeah. She’s great. She’s great. I love her. I love the kids more, but I do love her. Well, it’s a different love, you know? Like, I don’t want to fuck the kids. So there’s a start. “That’s good, Tom.” So… It is beyond your capacity to explain how much you end up loving your kids. It is. And, like, now I’m on that side of it, so I get to be amused by people who don’t have kids who swear that they get it. That’s my favorite. Like, to hang out with a friend who doesn’t have any kids, and he’s like, “Yeah, man, I see that you love your kids. I totally know what you’re feeling because… I love my dog.” And I’m like, “Yeah.” No. I’m not diminishing pet love. Pet love is real.
[woman] Yes!
Absolutely. I’ve had pets my entire life. It’s the best. I’ve rescued animals. I encourage you to do it. I have a dog that I adore. But here is the difference between my love for that dog and my kids. If that dog were to hurt one of my kids, immediately and without question… I would drown that dog, right? And I mean, through yelps like… [yelping] I’d go… [grunts] Like that. And then I would give it to my son. I’d be like, “Remember when that hurt you? I killed it.” He’d be like, “What the fuck… am I supposed to do with this dead dog?” And I’d go, “I don’t know. Maybe learn to stand up for yourself so I don’t have to do shit like that, all right?”
I know. It’s a very divisive joke. It has been… the entire tour. Um… I think it sets up the audience into two camps, you know? People who are like, “Don’t do the yelp.” [yelps] “It makes it real.” Then other people who are like, “Do the yelp. That’s my favorite shit, man.” And… you know who you are. Yeah.
Dude, having kids makes you do crazy shit. I’m not even proud of some of the things I’ve done, all right? Last year was the first time I ever had somebody bully one of my kids. I didn’t respond well. This is what… I took my older son to a park. He was two and a half. The cutest little fucking kid. And he walks into the park, and he walks up to a playground set. And, as he walks up to it, he steps on it, and an older kid… Meaning four. He goes, “You can’t play with that. That’s mine.” And I go, “I’ll kick your chest through your back.” And he goes, “What?” And I go, “I’ll stomp you out right now!” So he’s crying. I’m laughing. Everybody’s gathered around, right? You can’t do that. You can’t do anything to a shitty kid. You can curse a lot around them. Not to them. That’s an important distinction. Around them, and then you fantasize about them repeating it at home and getting in trouble, and that’s very satisfying, all right? But, you know, you gotta put rhythm to it, or they won’t remember, ’cause they’re just dumb fucking kids. So you’ve got to be like,
♪ Shit, piss, motherfucker Cunt, my balls ♪
♪ Lick my dick, eat my ass ♪
And the kid’ll be like… “What’s that?” I’d be like, “Go tell your mom. That’s what that is.” As they walk by, you can get in one accidental hit. I’ve tried it, but it’s got to… As they’re passing, you know. Like that, and then they’ll be like…
[tearfully] ♪ Shit, piss Motherfucker, cunt, my… ♪
You ever meet somebody, and they’re so boring, you feel like they poisoned you? Like… you’re talking to them, and you’re like, “I feel like I’m dying right now. And I think you did it.” This guy’s name is Craig. I met him… [laughs] I made sure to get it. I was like, “I’m gonna remember you for the rest of my life, man.” He– I met him at the bank. Is he a bank teller? No. Is he a security guard? Nope. What’s his job? I don’t know. Whatever they call that guy that stands in the lobby… of banks now. Where you walk in, and you’re like, “Do you work here?” And he’s like, “I think so.” That guy. The lobby liaison. Well, I saw him. We made eye contact. I don’t know how you work. For me, if we make eye contact… During the day. Not at night. But during the day… [laughs] …out of human decency, I acknowledge you. So that’s what I did. We made eye contact, and I go, “How you doing?” And he went… And I was like, “Okay, so…” Then I get to the second set of doors to walk in. And, as I reach for that door, I hear, uh, “You going to the bank?” I go, “Is this still a bank?” He goes, “Yeah.” I go, “I’d like to.” And he goes, “Go for it.” And I was like… “Okay. Thanks.” And then I reach back… and he goes, “I’m going to Virginia next week.” “Are you telling me that?” He goes, “You said, ‘How you doing?’ when you got here. I had to think about it. That’s what I’m doing.” I go, “That’s the craziest shit I’ve ever heard anybody say. And also not how that question works, but all right.” And now I reach back, and now he goes, “Yeah, my sister lives there,” and I’m like… “How long has she lived there?” Now I’m roped in. He goes, “Fifteen years.” And I go, “You’ve never been?” And he goes, “Uh-uh.” Now I’m starting to look at him like, “Hey, man, do you drive to work or… does somebody drop you off?” You know what I mean? I think he…
[laughs]
Yeah. I think he could see it in my face… because, out of nowhere, he goes, “I drive.” I was like, “That’s cool, man. That’s cool. I drive, too. That’s crazy. Uh… I gotta get in here.” He goes, “Yeah, we’re gonna check out DC, and we’re gonna see some monuments.” I go, “I would love to hear about it, but I have to make a deposit.” He goes, “I’ll be here when you walk out.” I go, “You motherfucker.”
Fuck that guy. And fuck everybody like him. If you have the audacity to tell people how you’re doing when they say, “How you doing?” that shit is rude and selfish, all right? I’m serious. There are two acceptable answers to “How you doing?” “Fine” and “great.” And if you’re miserable, you say, “Fine.” You don’t burden people with your real-world problems during a courteous exchange. Yeah. It’s true. You know why? Because nobody wants to hear your problems. Your problems make my dick soft, and I am trying to stay hard out here.
Now… You know who’s got a good system going on? Rodrigo Duterte, the president of the Philippines. [laughs] Yeah, well, if you’re not aware, the president of the Philippines is a super cool guy, and… he has a lot of fun ideas. [laughs] One of them is that he employs motorcycle murder squads… to go out and kill people on sight. No arrest, no trial. Who does he do it to? Drug dealers and suspected drug users. “Suspected.” Do you know how many tired people die every day in Manila? Isn’t that crazy to you? You can walk out of your house at five in the morning, like, “Oh, shit.” And then you hear… [revving] You’re like, “Oh. I’m up!” They roll up next to you, “You high?” You’re like, “I just got up.” They’re like, “Mm, you’re high.” Pow. Kill you. It’s horrific. It’s reprehensible. And I hope that we adopt it here. Not… Not for drug usage, obviously. I think we should reserve it for people who have public speakerphone conversations with their phones in front of their face like this.
[crowd cheering]
You know? Yeah. Who are these people just walking around, oblivious to the world around them? You’re waiting in line to buy a coffee, you have to hear a fascinating, two-way tale amplified. It’s always like… [in distorted voice] “Where were you last night? [gibbering] [continues gibbering] [retches] Slice their fucking throat, right in line. Kick the the body. “Can I have a coffee?” So… Too violent? I get it. So… You know whose balls I’d love to slam in a mailbox… for 20 minutes straight? Grown men who board 6:00 a.m. flights who have never seen clouds before. I don’t know… if… you’ve ever had the good fortune of boarding an early morning flight where there’s an unspoken agreement, “We’re gonna keep it nice and dark so we can rest along the journey.” But there’s always some TikTok in 16C…
[crowd cheering]
Yeah. One guy who’s sitting there, who’s like, “I’ve never seen a cloud like that. Oh! There’s another one right there.” “Are you fucking four? Shut the shade, tit-slap. We’re trying to get some rest.” And people who put stick figures and the names of their family members on the rear windshields of their car. They should be publicly executed… in their car so we can keep score on the window, you know. Isn’t that insane to you? Don’t you have any protective instincts? I mean, it’s crazy. You pull up at a random red light, and the car in front of you is like, “It’s funny that you didn’t ask, but… inside are Mommy and Daddy… and Brian and Marissa. And there’s a soccer ball next to Brian… because Brian loves soccer.” Oh. Does Brian love getting molested? Because… you put his name and favorite thing out there as bait to society. Are you out of your goddamn mind? Why don’t you put your home address and his daily schedule right fucking next to it? “Brian’s up at six, home at one, bath at seven. [giggles] Come over if you want to join us.” It’s not okay. [sighs] Guys… have you ever thought about how many times you may have slept with your significant other? You shouldn’t know the answer. So let me just start there. All right? If you do, that’s terrifying, and… we’d like you to leave. Yeah. If you’re sitting here like, “Finally, somebody asked. It’s 926!” There’s the exit. What I’m saying… I’m saying, as a concept, it is reasonable to assume, if you’ve been with somebody three years, you have a healthy thing going on, you may have slept together a few hundred times. Right? Right. Now, I want you to think about how many times your dad… has finished inside of your mom. So many times! [in Southern accent] “Tom, why would you say that?” Well, basically, I think all of our moms are a bunch of cum dumpsters, you know, but… Your mom more than my mom.
Now… Ew, I know, it’s a tough image to get out of your head once I’ve planted it, right? You’re like, “Goddamn it, my mom’s dripping?” Probably, yeah. Soaking wet. Look… your mom has done some nasty shit. Let’s talk about it. [laughs] She really has. And, uh… Look, I’m here to defend her, all right? It is not her fault. It’s your dad’s fault, for sure. Your dad, with all due respect, is kind of a piece of shit. A little bit! And if you’re like, “Not my dad. He’s good…” Yeah, to you. He’s not always like that to your mom. If they’ve been together three decades, you don’t think he says some off-colored shit… every now and then? Of course he does. They’re laying in bed. Your dad’s tossing and turning. He can’t sleep. [grunting] And your poor mother, “Is everything all right, dear?” “It’s fine.” “Was supper good?” “Yeah. Shut up, I’m trying to sleep.” “Can I do anything to help?” “Yeah. You can lick my balls, all right?” You want to know something? Your poor mother, she does it, all right? She… Because she’s a ball hog. So your mom gets down there… [weeps] [weeps] And she goes, “I like my life.” [weeping] Oh, your mom. Now… Your grandma. Think about some of the things that she’s done. On the railroad tracks or wherever she used to fuck around. [laughs] El Paso. I don’t know.
Uh… You’re like, “Why are you saying this stuff, Tom?” ‘Cause I’m having fun. [laughs] Because I enjoy upsetting people. [laughs] Yeah. I don’t know what it says about me psychologically, but there is… I don’t know, there’s, like, a marching band inside of me right now, going, “Good job, good job.” Yeah. ‘Cause, internally, I picture somebody out there going like, “I was having fun… until he talked about my slut mom.” And it makes me happy. I don’t know. It’ll upset somebody, and they’ll try to tell me. I say they’ll try to tell me ’cause they’ll send me a message that I’ll never read and… No, no, I used to. I used to read them all. And it took me a long time to figure out you shouldn’t read every message. I don’t think any performer should digest everything sent their way. And I didn’t know that for a long time, you know, and I wish I had known that ’cause it kind of gets to you, you know? The first time I actually got in trouble for saying something was about five years ago. I got in trouble for saying “Gypsy” on television. Yeah. I didn’t say anything nice about them, so let me… rephrase it. [laughs] I was just like… I was on a show. I was like, “Who doesn’t hate Gypsies?” And then… everybody on the show was like, “We’re with you,” but… afterwards, they found out. And they reached out. Like the president of the Gypsies… sent me a message. I guess she stole someone’s phone. So she sent me this message.
[crowd laughing, applauding]
We can tell who travels. So, uh… she sent me this message. She was like, “You said the G-word on tele–” I was like, “Huh? The G-word?” I’m a grown man. And this is over e-mail. She’s being a real B-word. And so… I didn’t want to push her, make her a C-word. You know what I mean? Where my N-words at? All right, well, look… Hey, man… it’s modern comedy, get with the program. Now… Then she went on. She goes, “Well, just so you know, we’re very proud of our ethnicity.” And I was like, “Yeah, you should be. I mean, you have nothing else. [laughs] I hope you’re good at camping.” [laughs] Hey, I was giving her a compliment. I was saying, “I enjoy your ethnic pride, because you’ve earned it.” And frankly, I don’t think everybody has. All right? Every group’s like, “We’re the best.” No, you’re not. It’s impossible for everybody to be the best. I’m serious. Every group, they’re like… [gibbering] No. I mean, just as an example, okay, just to, like, lay this out: How many people in the room, let’s say, are Italian for instance? -[crowd cheers] -Okay. Now, aren’t the rest of you a little sick of hearing from them? Like… Right? “Hey, we’re the best! Fucking pasta!” You’re like, “All right.” So… Pasta’s Chinese. Calm down. Now… Anyways, after that, I kept reading messages. Reading, reading, reading. And then a little while ago, I got, in one six-week period, 200,000 e-mails and messages just from the state of Louisiana, over jokes that I had told in a special. Now… if you don’t know, I had a joke in a previous special… -and…
[crowd cheering]
Yeah, it’s fine. It was a very silly joke. The joke essentially was I said, “You know what? We should build a wall in this country, but we should build it around that dumb fucking state.” That was my joke. Now… Look, I’m so dumb, I was like, “Everybody will like that joke.” No, they don’t. Not the people you made it about. I got so many misspelled death threats and, uh… I was like, “Is this Creole? What the hell are they trying to tell me?” I got asked about it so much, I was on the news about it… that I just volunteer it now, okay? So here’s the truth. I never would have shit on them as hard as I did if I had been to Arkansas, which I now have. What? What! What… a fucking dump that place is. I think, when people flush their toilets in Louisiana, it all comes up in Arkansas. It… It smells like broken dreams and buttholes and… a little bit of barbecue, but… Here’s what’s fascinating. Most of you will never experience this, but if you ever offend a large group of people, like, let’s say, an entire state… you end up learning a lot about them. You don’t want to. But they insist, so… Yeah. I know everything about Louisiana now. It’s the worst. I’m like an unofficial historian on the place I least want to go to. I mean, their state motto runs through my head like it’s the Dow Jones ticker, all day, every day. It’s, “Louisiana, where people smoke in their cars with their babies.” And… [mumbling] Arkansas’s is, “You done with that baby?” So… Hmm? “What are you gonna do with it?” “We’re gonna eat it. What do you mean? Sooey!” Now… I also got a lot of messages from the Down syndrome community. That was fun. Here’s the truth about that. People with Down syndrome write much more coherently than people from Louisiana. So… We were able to have a dialogue. [laughs] And I think I’ve grown and matured since then. I’m serious. I think I have. I think, for instance, right now, today, I think it is both lazy and antiquated to say, “Are you fucking R-worded?” R-E-T-A-R… You get it. And here’s why. I think, when I say that, what I’m trying to say is, “Are you an idiot? Are you an imbecile? Are you stupid?” And that is not the right word for that. The right word for that is “Cajun.” So that’s what I’m gonna start saying… from now on. So fuck you again. That’s my point. Now…
[crowd cheering, whistling]
Yeah. But I’ll tell you this. I want you to know something. I am not one of these comedians who goes, “I don’t understand why people ever get upset about anything.” [gibbering] Like the dumbest perspective you can have. I totally understand. I think you have a right to be offended by whatever offends you, and I think you have a right to express it. I do not think, however, that you have a right to expect anyone to do anything about it. -[crowd cheering] -Yeah. Just like if you express any of your other feelings. Like if you’re like, “I’m horny. I’m hungry. I’m tired.” I’d be like, “Wow, you got a lot of shit going on. Sounds like you need to jerk off, eat a sandwich, and take a nap. And… that’s on you. I mean, I’ll give you a little tug to get you started, but… I’m not gonna finish.” And I also think I should have the right to respond, you know? Yeah, that’s how it should work. I say something, you say something, I say something, and it continues. So I’ll say this. I am not put out by outraged culture, okay? I’m serious. Doesn’t affect me. Because I deal with emotionally fragile people every day. See, I have two kids, and… they bring me their problems. They do. And I speak to them about them. I speak to them differently than I would normally speak to you. You know, they’ll come up to me, and my older one will be like… [whining] “It’s loud… over there.” And I’ll be like… “Is it? Well, then don’t go over there.” He goes, “Okay.” And I go, “Okay.” And then I go, “Mwah,” and I kiss him on the head. And that’s how I’m gonna start speaking to adults who tell me they’re offended by jokes during comedy shows. So…
[crowd cheering] -Yeah. The best part is that you don’t have to agree. That’s the great thing about living in this country. You don’t have to agree, but you’ll know where I stand. So if you come up to me, and you’re like, “I was deeply hurt by what you said during your ha-ha show…” I’ll be like, “Oh, were you? Well, you should never hear things you don’t like, so you stay home now. Mwah.” And I’ll kiss you on the head. That being said, do you ever wonder what kind of slave owner you would have been? Now… Not now! I mean, it’s 1831, you’re white, you live… exactly where you live right now. You guys are like, “We don’t want to play this game.” All right, well… Fuck it, I’ll play. Uh… I know how I would have been. I mean, I love buying cars now. “I know we have three, but look at this fucking guy!” All right, well… Hey, if you didn’t like that joke… [clicks tongue] …don’t think about it. Now… Women. [laughs] Do you feel like you’re almost equal citizens? Because you are not. Now… I’m on your side. I didn’t say you shouldn’t be. I said you’re not, because I have eyes. You’re not. You don’t sense the great imbalance that we live with? Men get paid more to do the same work that you do. Advantage, men. Women get mad at us for things we do in their dreams. Advantage, women. Isn’t that some shit? When you’re at breakfast and you’re like, “Why is she looking at me like that?” She’s like, “You were a dick in my dream last night.” And you’re like, “Okay, all right. Are you serious? I would like to apologize… for what I did in your dream last night.” She’s like, “Thank you.” And you’re like, “All right, I’m gonna get the fuck out of here.” See, I think the power dynamic that we live with was set by a man. Obviously. I think he was gonna make it equal. I really believe that. And I think the day he was going to set it up, he was leaving his house, and his wife stopped him at the door. And she was like, “You know, you were titty fucking a brunette in my dream last night.” And he was like, “You know what? No. You’re gonna answer the phones. That’s what you’re gonna do.” And he walked away. [laughing] Okay. Don’t accurately joke about our culture. All right. [laughs] Really? That’s not funny either? You don’t think there’s a couple people in here who are like, “I do answer the phones.” Like, is that funny to you? [laughs] On Monday, she’ll be like, “Hi, thank you for… Oh, fuck him. Fuck that guy.” Right? Sometimes, you witness the power imbalance play out in front of you between the genders in a grotesque fashion. Of course, when I say “the genders,” I am only speaking of two of the several hundred that now exist. I would like it to be clear where I stand. I have no problem calling anybody anything they wish to be called. It is no burden on me. You can identify as a shoelace if you want to. And I will call you Zippedy Zim-zir if you ask me to. Do I think it’s a little silly? Yeah. But so is badminton, and that’s an Olympic event. You know? So… Here’s what happened. I was shooting a movie a few months back, and one day, we wrapped up kind of early from filmmaking. It was late afternoon. And I walk off set, and I notice there’s a bar across the street. I go, “I’m gonna walk into this bar, have a drink, go back to the hotel.” Simple enough, right? I walk in, I see a woman seated at the bar, doing what I can only describe as weird shit. If you’re like, “What do you mean, Tom?” Well, I think there’s a normal spectrum of behavior that you see from one seated at a bar. You know, if you see them seated there, you might see them go like this, or, like, “Hey,” or maybe even… [imitating laughter] This lady is seated at the bar, and she’s going… I’m like, “Is she making fudge? What is she doing over there?” I also noticed it late. Like, I noticed it as I’m walking past it. That happens sometimes, right? Like you walk, you see something as you’re passing it. You’re like, “That’s some crazy shit,” and you keep walking. And then you’re like, “I need to see that again. I don’t know how I’m gonna see it again.” Now I’m dead center, and I see that a woman, to be clear, is in public, 4:30 in the afternoon, and she is sitting there fucking… Peeling her potato. I don’t know. Um… Playing with her pussy. You know what I’m trying to say. And she is not hot, if you’re wondering. If you’re like, “Was she super hot?” No, she wasn’t. And because of that, I tattletaled immediately. You know what’s up. So… I go to the bouncer. I go, “Excuse me. That not-model over there… is diddling herself at the bar.” And this big, yoked dude looked, and he goes… [babbling] I go, “Yeah, talk to her.” And he goes, “Mm-mm.” I’m like, “Excuse me?” He goes, “I don’t want anything to do with that shit.” I’m like, “I don’t think anybody does. There’s a woman masturbating at the bar.” He’s like… [groans] Like he’s put out by my outrageous request. He’s like, “All right, man, Jesus Christ.” So he gets up, he walks, like, halfway there, turns around, he goes, “Yeah, I couldn’t do it, man.” I go, “You have to.” So he calls over the hostess. This cute little 22-year-old that’s like, “What’s up, guys?” He goes, “Handle that.” She’s like, “Okay.” She goes over there, super polite, which is fucked up… considering the circumstances. I can’t hear her, but I can read her body language. She’s like, “Hi.” And she’s like, “Everybody can see you.” And then she goes, “Stop it. Stop.” And she goes, “You promise?” [laughs] Then she goes, “Thank you.” And she comes back, and she goes, “She’s stopped.” I’m like, “She finished, or she stopped?” She goes, “She stopped.” And I go. “Okay.” I’m like, “Wait, is she allowed to stay?” And she goes, “Yeah.” I go, “Why?” And she goes, “Because she stopped.” I go, “I’m sorry, would I be allowed to stay… if I was just sitting at your bar, just kind of toying with the top? You know, like… Would you tap me on the shoulder and be like, ‘Excuse me. Will you put your leaky dick back in your pants? Thanks. You want some chicken fingers or a Sprite or something?'” I say, “You’d call the SWAT team, and they would rappel into the building. Someone would crack my fucking head on the side of the bar, and you’d have a parade as my corpse was carried out.” And she goes, “You’re right about that.” [sighs] Maybe I’m overreacting. I don’t know. I don’t jerk off in bars. Years ago, I wouldn’t find it necessary to make that statement, but in light of all the recent scandals, I don’t jerk off in bars. Now… It’s another reason I stopped reading messages from people. I keep getting messages all the time. People were like, “Hi, big fan. Uh, don’t sexually assault anyone so I can still be your fan.” Huh? First of all, ride or die, bitch. [crowd laughing, cheering] Yeah. I don’t want no half-steppers in my crew. Secondly… what am I supposed to write back? “Good looking out, bro. I was about to until I read your e-mail, Kyle.” Fuck you, Kyle. You don’t have to worry about me. I don’t jerk off in public. [laughs] It’s not what I’m into. I’m into something else. Here’s what it is. Uh… [laughs] -You guys are like, “Okay…”
[woman] Yeah!
All right, yeah.
[woman] Yeah!
If you ever want to hear me masturbate… all you have to do is call me and tell me you can’t make it to our dinner plans. I’ll start stroking right then and there. I am not social. I fucking love that call. That is my favorite call. I lo– Especially if it’s as I’m leaving the house, I’m gonna have multiple orgasms, okay? When I’m walking out of the house, and I’m like, “I don’t want to fucking go out with them,” and then they call and they’re like, “We can’t make it,” I’m like, “Keep talking. Why, why, why, why, why, why, why?” “Well, we were in a car accident.” I’m like, “Oh. Are you okay? You are, but you’re still not coming to dinner. Okay, okay, okay, okay, okay.” “All right, clean it up, Tom.” You got it. So… So I’m a dad. [snickering] And, uh… I, um… I’ve changed some. Not too much. You have to change a little bit. You know, there’s an expression, “Having kids changes you.” I think… Personally, I think it should be modified to, “Having kids should change you.” It’s a big-time red flag when you meet somebody who’s like, “Yeah, I’ve had four kids. I haven’t changed at all.” You’re like, “You’re super unstable. That’s good to know.” They don’t have to be huge changes. But, you know, you kind of evaluate your life and you make a change. Me, personally, I’m very proud of what I changed. I realized when I had kids, I had no time, no energy. I need to edit something out of my life. You know what I edited out of my life? Arguing with everyone. Every friend, every family member. I just don’t engage. As soon as it starts, I flip it on them, okay? As soon as I’m arguing with somebody, and they’re like, “Yeah, I don’t really agree with you,” I go, “Yep. I’m on your side now.” They’re like, “What?” I go, “As soon as you spoke, I came around and joined you. That’s how little I want to talk to you.” And I’m free. It feels great. Now… Not everybody likes it. I’ll tell you, my own mother is not a fan. [laughs] She lives for arguing. There are some people built like that. She lives for, you know, combative things. She wants to just fucking stab and twist, turn. She loves it. She’s also a dream crusher, which is… my least favorite quality in a human being. You know a dream crusher? The person who, no matter what you say you want to do or try, they’re like, “Mm-mm. Not you.” And you’re like, “It’s good to have you around,” you know? Those stay with you. Right? I bet you me just bringing it up brings them to your own memory. That’s how powerful they are. I remember… I do remember telling her, “I’m going to LA to do stand-up.” This is years ago. I say it to her. “I’m going to LA to do stand-up.” Her response was… [in Spanish accent] “You should go to the post office.” I was so naive. I was like, “They do stand-up shows at the post office?” She goes… [in Spanish accent] “No, to work.” I was like, “Oh, no, stand-up would be the work.” And she goes… [in Spanish accent] “I understand.” I was like, “Wait a minute. Am I telling you my dream, and then you’re saying, ‘Go be a mailman’?” And she was like… [in Spanish accent] “Yes.” Okay. Now I do all right. You know, I make a good living. She knows about it. Obviously. She hits me up for shit constantly, but… I still get to have some fun. Like, do you know what I sent my mother just a few weeks ago for her 75th birthday? A book of fucking stamps. And… I put a little note in there. “I got these at work today.” [imitating laughter] Like that.
[crowd cheers]
Yeah. Don’t feel badly. She gets hooked up. So… Yeah, she’s such a dick, but… [laughing] She is. I don’t like that dream-crushing shit. I really don’t. I’m the opposite. I’m a dream encourager. If you come to me with a crazy idea, then I’ll really celebrate, okay? I love people who have just outrageous dreams. I’ve put that out there now. Now people walk up to me all the time, like, “I want to open a hot dog stand where you can buy boots.” I’m like, “All right, let’s figure it out.” I like it, and I’ll tell you this, I want you to have crazy dreams. I’m serious. I really do. I’ll give you the best advice, sincerely, not a joke, that I ever got about pursuing a dream. And I hope it applies to all of you, okay? Here’s the truth. I think– This is true. As long as you accept that your dream might not go exactly as you plan, you will still feel fulfilled by the pursuit of your dream. So always go after whatever you want to do. Otherwise, what’s the point in living, right? Yeah. Now, to further that point, I’ll tell you this. I remember, two years ago, I’m sitting at a café in Los Angeles for lunch. I sit down. As I sit down, my friend, I can hear her audibly say, “I can’t believe I’m thinking that.” And I go, “Thinking what?” And she goes, “Oh, nothing.” I go, “What is it?” She goes, “It’s embarrassing.” And I go, “Just tell me.” She goes, “If I tell you, you’ll make fun of me.” And I go, “I always make fun of you. Just say it.” She goes, “It’s just something I want to keep inside.” I go, “You said you want to do it. So say it, then you can make it happen.” She goes, “I don’t want to.” I go, “If you don’t put it out in the universe, it’ll never happen. You’ve gotta say it. What is it?” And she goes, “Okay. I want to blow somebody in the Wu-Tang Clan.” Now, I immediately think… “What would my mom say?” You know? And I tell myself, “Don’t be like Mom. This is this girl’s dream.” So I look her dead in her eyes… and I go, “You should try. There’s a bunch of them.” That’s what I said. Now… Three months later… she got on their tour bus… and she told them, and guess what? They all accepted. If you are not familiar, there are nine guys… in the Wu-Tang Clan. Nine. [laughing] So many guys. That’s so many– Can we park for a moment… at how many dicks nine is? I don’t even understand how anyone’s sitting in their seat right now. There’s people out here like, “Hmm, what else you got?” Are you shitting me? That’s not a lot? Close your eyes… and picture nine dicks. You’re like, “God, they’re everywhere.” Yeah, ’cause there’s nine of them. That’s why. I’m not slut-shaming. I’m saying, objectively, nine is a lot of anything. Like, if I was like, “I had cinnamon rolls today.” And you’re like, “How many did you have?” “I had nine.” “You need me to take you to the emergency room or…? You’re gonna lose a foot by the morning. We should go.” Nine dicks? Are you fucking shitting me? Some of you, it took you 15 years to get to nine dicks. This was a Thursday for this young lady. Try to imagine the physical labor involved… with blowing nine probably not small dicks. If you’re not aware, the Wu-Tang fellas don’t look like me, all right? That is some CrossFit shit at that level. If you think burpees are rough, try… “Am I doing good? Do you like me now?” After how many do you think she was like, “Let’s take a little break for a second. [whimpering] What the fuck am I doing? Why are they so mean about it? [laughs] How many is that? Four! Fuck! Am I done?” And they’re like, “No, you’re not done! U-God, RZA, Rae, Ghost, Meth. No, you’re not done!” She’s like, “But my neck hurts.” And they’re like, “You’ve got to protect ya neck. Don’t you listen to our music?”
[crowd cheering]
Yes. Yes. That is a top-shelf Wu-Tang blowjob joke. Now… [sighs] She was a real animal, you know. I asked her one time, I was like, “If you could go back to that day and do anything differently, what would you have done?” And she said, “I’d have skipped lunch.” So…
[crowd groaning, laughing]
Yeah. Philly girl, what are you gonna do? Now… [laughs] What were we talking about before? Oh, yeah, my mom. So… [laughs] Here’s how I stopped arguing with her. I hope, if you’re in a similar situation with a parent, you have an epiphany the way I did. Here’s the circumstance, right? She calls me, late last year. There were fires in LA. And she goes… [in Spanish accent] “Tommy…” She’s not local, if you don’t know yet. If you’re like, “Why does she talk so fucking weird?” Uh… She’s from South America. Peru, to be specific. Okay.
[crowd cheers]
So she calls me, and she goes, “Tommy…” And I go, “Yeah?” She goes, “The fires, they are bad?” And I go, “Yeah. Usually they’re good, but this is a bad one.” And she goes, “People are dying?” I go, “If they’re in the fire, yeah. It’s fire.” And she lives in Florida, so she goes, “You have fires, we have hurricanes. People are dying everywhere.” And I go, “Sounds like you have the news on. Is there anything else you want to report?” And she goes, “I think it’s happening for a reason.” And I go, “It is. They’re called weather patterns.” And she goes, “No. I think God is trying to send us… a message.” That’s what I do. I go… [laughs] I go, “What’s the message?” She goes, “I think he’s trying to tell us to be better people.” You know when somebody says something, and you can feel with certainty that you’re gonna argue with them? Like, as words leave their lips, you’re like, “I’m gonna light you up pretty hard.” I could feel seething anger growing, and I could hear my own argument in my head. I could hear my own voice say, “You mean to tell me that our all-knowing and all-loving and all-present God is setting people on fire… and drowning them in hurricanes so that we hug more? This is the stupidest shit I have ever heard in my entire life.”
[crowd cheering, applauding]
But… right before I said it, I had that moment. I had that thought where I go, “What is the point? Why argue with this demon woman?” You know? “Just let Lucifer’s sister have her way. You’re not gonna change her mind.” So, for the first time in my life, I took a deep breath, and I just went, “Yeah. I can see why he would do that. [sighs] Hope he stops killing us.” [forced laughter] And she knew. She goes, “What?” I go, “You make a good point,” and she goes, “Why are you doing this?” Why are you… Meaning, “Why aren’t you arguing with me?” I go, “Mom, I don’t know. Who cares? You’re right. I’m wrong. So what?” And she goes, “Tommy, do you know what?” I go, “What?” She goes, “I always knew you were a little bitch, Tommy.” And I go, “What?” And she goes, “Chao, puto,” and she hung up the phone. That’s my mother. Okay, here’s how I got her back. It’s pretty fun. Uh… I never curse her out. As much as I say crazy things, I never curse… Even if I’m really mad, I can’t do like, “Fuck you!” I can’t do it. It doesn’t sit right. I prefer psychological warfare, you know? Yeah. I like knowing that I can ask my mother a question, and the mere mention of that question might terrorize her mind for years to come. So I decided I would ruin one of her days. So I chose Christmas. So here’s what I did, okay? [laughing] Christmas morning, my parents and their five dogs are at my house. My mother is in a fantastic mood, okay? She is a Latina woman on Christmas morning. You don’t understand this type of joy, all right? She’s, like, cooking and dancing. She’s like…
[vocalizing] ♪ Baby Jesús is here today ♪ Just doing her spic shit, you know, so… It’s my mom. Okay, so… I see her. [laughing] Yeah. I go, “Mom.” And she goes, “Yes?” Like, I could feel the joy coming off her, and I’m like, “Now’s a good time.” I go, “Mom, have you ever thought about how you’re gonna have to bury each one of those dogs?” [crowd gasps] She goes, “Why would you say that?” And I go, “I don’t know.” I go, “Do you ever think about -what you’ll do if Dad dies before you?” -[woman] Oh, my God! She goes… [tearfully] “No. I’ve never thought about this.” And I go, “Well, I’m asking you, so… think about it.” And she goes, “I will pray… and I will hope to die the same day.” I go, “That’d actually be super convenient. Like as far as… planning the funerals and going over the wills. If you can pull it off, I think we’d all be on board.” She goes… [sobbing] “Merry Christmas, Tom.” I go, “Merry Christmas to you too.” And… my dad is sitting two feet away. He hasn’t heard one word of the conversation. He’s just in dad mode, checked out, staring at ceiling lights. You know, like… You call his attention, it just snaps him out of a flashback. I’m like, “Hey, Dad–” “Yeah!” Jesus. I asked him the same thing. I go, “Hey, man, have you ever thought about what you’d do if Mom dies before you?” He goes, “I like blondes, and I like big tits, buddy.” “Sounds like you’ve been thinking about that quite a bit.” And he goes, “Every night, pal. Every night.” I’m just like… [laughs] “You guys have different dreams, I guess.” That guy. Oh, my God. Nothing like men in their 70s, right?
[groans] My dad’s at that really cool place in his life where he says things that are true that provide relief to no one. Like, this week I call him up, and I’m like, “What’s up?” He goes, “You know, gays don’t bother me.” And I was like… “That’s good.” He goes, “They’re just living their life. Why would I get upset?” And I’m like, “I don’t know.” And then it’s just quiet on the phone. I’m like, “Are we done talking right now?” He’s like, “No, I’m just thinking.” “Oh, it’s fun to listen to… as you breathe into the…” [breathing heavily] And he goes, “Your mother and I are going on a cruise.” And I go, “Okay, have fun.” And I ask him, I go, “Which cruise line?” And he goes, “Carnival.” And I’m like, “Wait, isn’t that, like, the party cruise?” And my dad’s response… I swear on my children… was, “Buddy, there’s no other way to say it. I love watching black people have fun.” What? I mean, we all do, but to say it out loud? It’s fucking crazy. Can you picture my dad on the aftdeck of a Carnival cruise, just like… “Those blacks are having fun. Let’s get some food. This is fun.” [laughs] All right, let’s get serious. Guys, I think it’s time we have to start taking better care of the environment. All right? Yeah. [crowd cheering] Absolutely. And I think that responsibility falls on the poor. And here’s why. You’re already in my trash. How about you separate the glass from the plastic? [crowd laughing, whistling] Yeah. It sounds like there’s some poor people over here. And that’s fucking disgusting. Now… Here’s what I know for sure. Poor people love the Bible, okay? And they love it because it’s the only book you get for free. Now… Try getting another book for free. Let me know how that shit goes. Can you imagine being so dumb… that you’re superstitious? Imagine being so impossibly stupid. Personally, I have nothing but contempt for all superstitions and all superstitious people. I hate all of them. I hate riding in the car with someone who’s like, “We’re about to drive over a bridge.” [gasps, grunting] Like, “I’m gonna get out of the car, and I hope you drive off this bridge. I really do.” They’re all dumb. “It’s 11:11.” [imitating laughter] “Make a wish.” I wish you would drink a smoothie of cyanide and broken rocks. That’s what I wish. They should all upset you, but there’s one that should make you march in the streets. I’m serious. I cannot believe that we live in this incredibly wealthy, developed nation, and, collectively, we all just accept that hotels, even some office buildings, just don’t have to have a 13th floor. Like, do you understand… that we’re throwing away sequential numbers because people are like… [muttering] You can go to a nice hotel, the fucking Four Seasons, it’ll go 12th floor, 14th floor. And if you go, “I’m sorry, why isn’t there a 13th floor?” “Well, that’s a spooky number. And if we had it, there’d be ghosts and goblins up there. So we took it away, and now it’s not so scary.” And you’re like, “Are you fucking Cajun? Is that really what we’re doing right now?”
[crowd cheering]
I don’t know. Yeah. You guys like that one, but that Bible one… [grunts] You pulled back on that. You guys were like… [grunting] “He listens to every show.” [shushing] It’s cool. I talked to him before the show. He said it was a good angle. Don’t worry about it. Now… [laughing] I’m not calling you stupid if you’re religious, okay? That’s a cheap shot. If religion gives you comfort, I think that’s great. I would not call you stupid for that. I would only call you stupid if you read your horoscope. [laughs] And, uh… you make life decisions based on… [gibbering] …what the planets are doing. [laughs] I don’t know if you’ve ever spent time with one of these non-contributors, but… they’re usually sharing their wisdom, like, “You’ve got to go for it, ’cause you’re a Pisces.” [gibbering] Thanks, Doc. Those are the same people that think it’s a miracle to share a birthday with someone. Like that’s a noteworthy event. And then you get to explain how that’s not weird. “Well, there’s a lot of us and… not that many options. It’s gonna happen all the time.” Those people… [groans] But the ones who make me immediately homicidal are… people who get excited about a close-to-each-other birthday. As if that is worth wasting a breath on. I get this in hotels once a month. I check into a hotel, the guy will take my ID, and he’ll be like… [chuckling] “You’re April 16th? I’m April 3rd.” I go, “Hold on a second! You mean to tell me… two weeks… before I was born… you were born?
[moans]
[crowd cheering, screaming]
[man howls]
[crowd whistling]
[grunting] Yeah. I’ve got panty pudding now.” Panty pudding? [groaning] Gross. I remember the girl who said it. It was… 2002 and… a lot of you will not like this. But that year, Ohio State won the national championship in football.
[crowd cheering, booing]
Whoa. It’s almost like you care more about football than the Bible. But anyway… [crowd cheering, applauding] I know. Boo, history. Anyway… I was with this girl. I met her the day after the game. She was from Columbus, where the school is located. I said something casually. I just said it. I was like, “Oh, you’re from Columbus? You guys won the title. Are you excited?” And she goes, “Excited? I’ve got panty pudding.” And I was like… [groans] And then I fucked her because… she was a dirty girl, all right? And she was not lying. That shit was like tapioca. You had to scoop it out. Over your shoulder. Do you think Cosby still eats pudding? I often wonder if he has maintained his sense of humor on the inside. Do you think he teases the fellas on the way to the shower? Do you think he’s like, “Hey, don’t put your pudding pop in my raisin cake.” Like that? And they’re like, “Man, Bill’s crazy as shit, huh? Let me get a cigarette, Bill!” All right, so… [laughs] You can tell I like you. Yeah. You know why? ‘Cause I told you an old sex story from my life. I think, 100% of the time when that happens, when somebody tells you an old story like that from their life, it’s because they like you and they seek your approval.
[crowd cheering]
Yeah. Absolutely. Dude… Who tells you the best stories? It’s always people newish to your life. Why? Because they’re giving you the best they’ve got. They want to impress you. Who tells you the worst stories? Your best friends. They know you’re not going anywhere. Your best friends are like, “I fucked my wife,” and you’re like, “Shut up. We’re about to eat. I know her. Shut the fuck up, man.” Then they’re like, “It’s a good story.” “Okay, what?” “Well, she didn’t really want to do it.” [sighs] “But I kept bothering her and bothering her. And she finally broke down. She really just laid still.” You’re like, “What are you? Ted Bundy? This is a terrible story.” I’ll tell you a fun story, all right? When I first got to LA, many years ago, I met a girl in a bar. She took me back to her place. We started messing around. I signed the consent forms. We start messing around. As we’re doing it, she reaches around, she puts a finger in me, and I go… [gasps] And she goes, “Mmm?” And I go, “Oh, yeah.” That’s it. That’s the end of the story. Right. Go for your dreams. [laughs] I do mean that. I know it sounds cheesy, but I don’t mean it to. I just… Here’s why I think about it so much. I meet so many people. Okay? I meet way more people than you. Um… It’s not even close. So… Here’s the thing. People usually say nice things to me. They’re like, “Thanks for coming. I had a good time.” Conversations naturally will turn, and I’ll ask somebody, “What do you do?” Do you know what I hear like 98% of the time? They’ll be like, “It fucking sucks. I hate it.” Then I go, “Why don’t you do something else?” They go, “It’s too late. My life’s fucked. Good to meet you, man” and they walk away. Yeah, that sits in my head. So I think about it. But I have advice. This is the advice that I hope you’ll leave with, all right? This is it. You just need to learn to do one thing really well. And it’s this. You need to learn to manage your expectations. It’s not an innate thing you’re born with. It’s a skill. If you work at it, you’ll get good at it. The more you manage your expectations, you’ll feel more fulfilled, less depressed, happier overall.
I’ll share with you my life’s greatest disappointment, which, in retrospect, is my fault. I didn’t know it at the time. I do now. And I’m gonna tell you it’s gonna be upsetting to some people. But hopefully, we can use it as a learning tool, so… Here’s what it is, all right? [groans] I think that sixty-nining is overrated, and it sucks. [crowd cheering, applauding] Yeah. Yeah, you see that? Some people clap. Some people are like, “Arrest this man.” But listen. The story of why is more important. Do you remember when you first heard about it? I do. I was in third grade. And that’s too young. All right? One of the older kids told me, and I was like, “What? At the same time?” I almost had a seizure. I didn’t know what he was saying. I didn’t even have references so I could pretend like I understood. I was like, “That’s like eating a cheeseburger covered in ice cream while you’re taking a shit or something.” And he was like, “That’s exactly what it’s like.” From that day on, I was hooked. When I tell you I was obsessed, I was obsessed. I’m not saying it for a story. It is all I talked about, thought about, dreamt about, sung about, joked about, “Sixty-nine, sixty-nine, sixty-nine…” Every notebook in school, I was like, “Sixty-nine, sixty-nine, sixty-nine…” Every sports team I was on, I was like, “I’m number 69!” They were like, “This is fifth grade basketball. Why don’t you chill out, buddy?” Every birthday, Christmas, my dad’d go, “What do you want?” I’d go, “I want a sixty-nine.” He’d go, “Shut up and stop saying that!” And I was like, “No!” Defiant. “No!” “Sixty-nine, sixty-nine. It’s gonna be the best. Be the best. Sixty-nine. It’ll be like smoking meth out of God’s dick. I want to do it.” And I built it up, and I built it up, and I built it up, and when I finally got to do it, I finally got to do it, you know what the first thing I said was? “Get off me. All right?” My neck hurts. I can’t get my nose out of the way. Does it feel good? It feels like I’m working. All right, it’d feel better if you flipped over and polished me off, and then I’ll do you. Why’s it got to be at the same time? Are we late for something? Uh… Is the youth pastor coming back in a few minutes? Let’s take turns, like we learned in kindergarten. What type of maniac sixty-nines as an adult? I mean, if you’re a guy, I hope you’re at least a gentleman about it and you lay on your back and you’re not one of these savage fucking pigs… who’s like, “I prefer this angle. And then you can hear the fight to live underneath you.” [gagging] And you’re like, “Yeah, that feels good.” I bet it fucking does feel good. As you’re throating that poor lady underneath you. I don’t think there’s a more horrific picture I can paint… than that of a woman, a lovely woman… Like, picture your mom laying on her back… in anticipation of sixty-nining from the bottom. And she’s like, “What the fuck?” And she’s got that look on her face, like, “Is the search party gonna find me here?” And then a man, a disgusting man… like me, is like, “Well, saddle up. Here we go.” There’s dingleberries and lint. And here’s your mom, and I’m like… [grunting] [laughs] And then, if I do that, I hear, “What’s on my forehead?” And I’m like, “That’s my gut. [laughs] That’s Daddy’s wet trash bag gut.”
Austin, you were a blast. Thanks for coming out tonight.
Appreciate it very much.
[crowd cheering]
See you next time. Good night. See you, buddy.
[“Protect Ya Neck” by Wu-Tang Clan playing]
♪ You best protect ya neck ♪
♪ Wu-Tang Clan comin’ at you ♪
♪ Watch your step, kid Watch your step, kid ♪
♪ Watch your step, kid Watch your step, kid ♪
♪ Watch your step, kid ♪
♪ The Inspectah Deck ♪
♪ I smoke on the mic Like Smokin’ Joe Frazier ♪
♪ The hell-raiser Raising hell with the flavor ♪
♪ Terrorize the jam Like troops in Pakistan ♪
♪ Swinging through your town Like your neighborhood Spider-Man ♪
♪ So, uh, ticktock and keep ticking ♪
♪ While I get you flipping Off the sh** I’m kicking ♪
♪ The Lone Ranger, code red, danger ♪
♪ Deep in the dark with the art To rip the charts apart ♪
♪ The vandal, too hot to handle ♪
♪ You battle, you’re saying goodbye Like Tevin Campbell ♪
♪ Roughneck, Inspectah Deck’s on the set ♪
♪ The rebel, I make more noise Than heavy metal ♪
♪ The way I make the crowd go wild ♪
♪ Sit back, relax, won’t smile ♪
♪ Rae got it going on, pal Call me the rap assassinator ♪
♪ Rhymes rugged And built like Schwarzenegger ♪
♪ And I’mma get mad deep like a threat ♪
♪ Blow up your project Then take all your assets ♪
♪ ‘Cause I came to shake The frame in half ♪
♪ With the thoughts That bomb shit like math ♪
♪ So if you wanna try to flip Go flip on the next man ♪
♪ ‘Cause I grab the clip and ♪
♪ Hit you with 16 shots and more, I got ♪
♪ Going to war with the melting pot, hot ♪
♪ It’s the Method Man For short “Mr. Meth” ♪
♪ Moving on your left, ah ♪